Too late for the other side  
Caught in a chase  
Twenty five to life  
Too late for the other side  
Caught in a chase  
Twenty five to life  
Yeah  
Too late  
I cant keep chasing 'em  
I'm taking my life back  
Caught in a change  
Twenty five to life  
  
I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made  
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I would've stayed  
But I've already wasted over half of my life I would've laid  
Down and died for you I no longer cried for you  
No more pain bitch you  
Took me for granted took my heart and ran it straight into the planet  
Into the dirt I can no longer stand it  
Now my respect I demand it  
I'm a take control of this relationship  
Command it, and I'm a be the boss of you now goddammit  
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me  
So you better hear me out this much you owe me  
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you while I've stayed  
Faithful all the way this is how I fucking get repaid  
Look at how I dress fucking baggy sweats, go to work a mess  
Always in a rush to get back to you I ain't heard you yet  
Not even once say you appreciate me I deserve respect  
I've done my best to give you nothing less than perfectness  
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothing left  
But you keep treating me like a staircase its time to fucking step  
And I wont be coming back so don't hold your fucking breath  
You know what you've done no need to go in depth  
I told you, you'd be sorry if I fucking left  
I'd laugh while you wept  
Hows it feel now, yeah, funny ain't it, you neglected me  
Did me a favor although my spirit free you've said  
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept  
Its unfortunate but its  
  
[Chorus]  
Too late for the other side  
Caught in a chase  
Twenty five to life  
Too late for the other side  
Caught in a chase  
Twenty five to life  
  
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh  
Cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half  
Til I snap  
Don't think I'm loyal  
All I do is rap  
I can not moonlight on the side  
I have no life outside of that  
Don't I give you enough of my time  
You don't think so do you  
Jealous when I spend time with the girls  
Why I'm married to you still man I don't know  
But tonight I'm serving you with papers  
I'm divorcing you  
Go marry someone else and make 'em famous  
And take away there freedom like you did to me  
Treat 'em like you don't need them and they ain't worthy of you  
Feed 'em the same shit you made me eat  
I'm moving on forget you oh,  
Now I'm special? Oh, I didn't feel special when I was with you  
All I ever felt was this  
Helplessness  
Imprisoned by a selfish bitch  
Chew me up and spit me out  
I fell for this so many times  
Its ridiculous  
And still I stick with this  
I'm sick of this but in my sickness and addiction  
Your as addictive as they get  
Evil as they come vindictive as they make 'em  
My friends keep asking why I cant just walk away  
I'm addicted  
To the pain, the stress, the drama  
I'm drown in so I guess I'm a mess  
Cursed and blessed  
But this time I'm a  
Ain't changing my mind  
I'm climbing out this abyss  
You screaming as I walk out that I'll be missed  
But when you spoke to people who meant the most to you  
You left me off your list  
  
Fuck you hip-hop  
I'm leaving you, my life sentence is served bitch  
And its just  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Too late  
Caught in a change  
Twenty five to life

Oh oh  
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)  
Oh oh  
Oh  
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)  
Oh oh  
Oh  
Oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea) oh(yea)oh(yea)  
Oh  
Woah  
There is no escaping (yo)(yo)  
There's no place to hide(yo)(yo)  
You scream, someone save me(yo)(yo)  
But they don't pave no mind( yo) (yo)  
(Good night)  
Good bye  
  
Your walkin' down a horror corridor  
It's almost four in the mornin'  
And your in a nightmare  
It's horrible  
Right there's the coroner  
Waitin' for you  
To turn the corner  
So he can corner ya  
Your a goner  
He's on a ya  
Out the corner of his cornea  
He just saw you run  
All you want is to rest  
Cause you can't run anymore  
Your done  
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience  
While everybody  
Is watchin' in the party applauding it  
Here I sit while I'm caught up in deep thought again  
Contemplating my next plot again  
Swallowin' a colata pin  
While I'm noddin'  
In and out on the ottoman and  
If the Ramada Inn  
Holdin' onto the pill bottle then  
Stick my finger and swirl it round the bottom  
And make sure I got all of it  
Wake up naked at Mcdonald's  
With  
Blood all over me  
Dead bodies  
Behind the counter  
Shit  
Guess I must of just blacked out again  
Not again  
  
[Chorus]  
It's three am in the mornin'  
Put my key in the door  
There's bodies layin' all of the floor and  
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must of killed em  
Killed em  
I said  
It's three am in the mornin'  
Put my key in the door  
There's bodies layin' all of the floor and  
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must of killed em  
Killed em  
  
Sitting nude in my living room  
It's almost noon  
I wonder what's on the tube  
Maybe they'll show some boobs  
Surfing every channel  
Until I find Hannah Montana  
Then I reach for the aloe and lanalin'  
Blood all over the wall panel and dismantlin'  
Every candle on top of the fire place  
Mantalin'  
Grab my flannel and my bandana' then  
Kiss the naked manequin' man again  
You can see him standin' in my  
Front window  
If you look in  
I'm just a hooligan  
Who's use to usin' hallucinogens  
Causin' illusions again  
Brain contusions again  
Cutting and bruising the skin  
Raise the scissors and pins  
Jesus when does it end  
Phases that I go through  
Dazed and not so confused  
Days that I don't know who  
Gave these molecules too  
Me  
What am I gone do  
Hey the prodigal son  
The diabolical one  
Very methodical  
When I slaughter dem  
  
[Chorus]  
  
She puts the lotion in the bucket  
He puts the lotion on the skin  
Or else it gets the hose again  
She puts the lotion in the bucket  
He puts the lotion on the skin  
Or else it gets the hose again  
  
I duck and I slash slice and gash  
Last night was a blast  
I can't quite remember when I  
Had that much fun  
Off a half pint fifth of Jack  
My last Vic and a half  
A flashlight  
Up Kim Kardashians ass  
  
I remember the first time  
I dismembered the family member  
December I think it was  
I was having drinks with my cousin  
And I wrapped him  
In Christmas lights  
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub  
Cut him up into pieces  
Then just when I went to drink his  
Blood  
I thought I outta drink his bath water  
That outta be fun  
That's when my days of serial murder man slaughter begun  
The sight of blood excites me  
That might be an artery son  
Your blood coverin' screams  
Just don't seem to bother me none  
It's three am  
And here I come  
So you should probably run  
A secret passage way around here  
Man there's got to be one  
Oh no there's probably none  
He can scream all that he wants  
Top of his lungs  
It ain't no stoppin' me from choppin' him up(up)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
yo (yo)  
A yo (a yo)  
yo (yo)  
A yo (a yo)  
yo (yo)  
A yo (a yo)  
yo (yo)  
A yo ( a yo)

I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless  
Patrolling corners  
Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters  
I'm meaner in action  
Than Rosco beating James Tarteenyer [?]  
And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments  
I grew up in the wild hood  
As a hazardous youth  
With a fucked up childhood  
That I used as an excuse  
And aint shit changed  
But kept the same mindstate  
Since the third time that I failed 9th grade  
You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it  
I don't promote violence I just encourage it  
I laugh at the sight of death  
As I fall down a cement flight of steps  
And land inside a bed of spider webs  
So throw caution to the wind  
You and a friend  
Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again  
shit, why not? Blow your brain out  
I'm blowing mine out  
fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now  
  
It's only fair to warn  
I was born with a set of horns  
And metaphors attached to my damn umbulical cord  
Warlord of rap little bastard with a two by four board  
That smashed into your Honda Accord  
With a 4 door Ford  
But I'm more toward droppin an accapella  
And choppin' a fella  
To mozarella  
Worse than a hellacopta propella  
Got you locked in the cella  
With your skeleton showing  
Developing anorexia  
While I'm standin next to ya  
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death  
With an iv in your veins  
Feeding you liquid darvicet  
Pumping you full of drugs  
Pull the plugs  
On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs  
Who were picked up in an ambulance  
And driven  
To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants  
And given  
A less than 20 percent chance  
Of living  
Have a possible placement  
It's a hospital patient  
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement  
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived  
To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!"  
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp  
And pulling your adams apple out through your mouth  
Better call the fire department  
I've hired a arson  
To set fire to carpet  
And burn up your entire apartment  
I'm a liar to start shit [?]  
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick  
So tight you need a crobar to pry her apart wit  
  
Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg  
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg  
Go to bed with the keg wake up with the 40  
Mixed up with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D  
fuck an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead  
Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead  
No more said case closed end of discussion  
I'm blowin up like spontaneous human combustion  
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas  
Cross the bombas [?]  
We blowin up your house killing your parents  
And coming back to get your foster mommas  
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus  
Cause I aint making no more threats  
I'm doing drivebys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets  
I'm more or less sick in the head  
Maybe more cause I smoked crack [?]  
Today, yesterday, and the day before sabbath  
Walk the block with a labrador  
Strapit more corral for war than El Salvador  
Foul style galore  
Verbal cow manure  
Coming together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure

[Intro:]  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate  
  
[Chorus:]  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it  
  
[Eminem]  
  
Terrible but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible,  
Fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker  
Up them lips and kiss it hoes  
Here we go  
Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we  
Stomp them bitches, this is no joke  
Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat  
Choke, apart from all the smoke  
I'm trying to stay on fire so you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I  
Don't want a hoes  
Someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face  
Bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates,  
Who  
You, handeling the? Tryna be so sick when the Bad and Evil was reunited  
Hey  
Came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway,  
Word of Satan there's a drop full of? Ouija board and I pray  
Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep  
So now imagine if I awake!  
I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so  
Pussy never mushy so you can't squish  
No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out a? Taxi  
Only time you'll hear me say I ambush  
Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish  
Stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch  
So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for?  
No, fuck protocol, I'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it  
  
[Royce]  
  
Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me,  
I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin'  
Only have  
Everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a  
Matrimony - you high  
Thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up  
Short like Spud Webb  
My dui's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like  
James Todd can't change eye  
I thank God for my safe thinking last time I was safethinking me and my  
Niggers was doing a bank job  
I stay violent y'all going to Beach Rock, you got a mouth like Kanye, I  
Knock your whole bottom row of teeth out  
No disrespecting Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine and it's just rap  
I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like to rhyme  
These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a  
Hook I tell em left or right head or gut,  
What you're all messing with, is a niggaare that will leave you fubar, fucked  
Up beyond all recognition  
Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a  
Star, for the fuck of it  
Partner you not hard I'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying  
Right, like allah hoo akhbar  
Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, In a  
Bad area they call?  
  
[Chorus:]  
  
Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit.  
The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate.  
You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show  
You  
Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it

It fits perfect  
  
Better watch out sucka now I got ya where I want ya  
Onslaught comin' and I'm packin' in my lunch a  
Buncha missle launchers 'n a buncha contra  
Ban-van full of ganja, now come on ja-  
Man stop! Man said, "Marshall, Oh-my-God, ya  
Doin the cha-cha and the cucaracha with a quad-ra-  
Polegic, boogyin' down to Frank Sinatra."  
Lindsey to the Lohan, naked while you let me watch ya?  
Who'd a knew the pew'd a do to me what it's done?  
Such sin-a-sism when it isn't in my system.  
Blunt-igmatism betta spliff up to my lips son,  
So much on my hands, I gotta give my kids a fist-bump.  
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin' in my swim trunks,  
"Mista, help me"'s what he said to me, and then sunk.  
Women, skinnin' them and cuttin' them up in chunks,  
In clumps, the woman with cocoa-butter skin once.  
  
[Chorus]  
Once again they call me Buffalo Bill,  
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill.  
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts,  
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts.  
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills,  
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills.  
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill,  
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill.  
  
Always, you can see him lurkin' in the hallways  
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawlspace.  
How the hell did he fit, em all into such a small place?  
Hide em in the wall, well how long will the drywall take?  
Well fuck it then, I've got nothin' but time- I'll wait.  
Until it dries, for the moment I guess you're all safe.  
After I sand it and buff it, I guess that I'll paint  
My chainsaw's outta gas, my regular saw ain't.  
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumblin',  
You can even hear the evil spirits comin' from within.  
Someone's in the back of my damn house rummagin',  
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin.  
Been on the hunt again, when will it ever end?  
Evelyn, why you tryin' to fight? You will never win.  
Severin' legs, arms, damn there goes another limb.  
Pull the lever then, trap door, death is evident.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Now, what ya know about Buffalo Bill?  
Nothin', so chill.  
Fuckin' hoe, ya better fuckin' hold still.  
Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill.  
Cut em, gut 'em 'n just get to stuffin' those girls.  
Man,I think she had enough of those pills,  
So take that thing away to come back later, just to clutch in those steel  
Blades, baby when I cut ya don't squeal,  
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin' told you!  
I keep hearin' voices, like "Wouldn't ya like to go an get your butcher knife,  
And push it right through her, while ya put your shish-kebab skewers  
Into her barbaquer? Would ya do to her  
What ya usually do to a girl who's skin's newer?"  
"In a world of sin-doer, this is turnin' into a  
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornaments you are."  
I'll be sure to Gin-sue ya til there's no more skin to ya.  
Boo-ya, who ya think your fuckin' with?  
Duck, because here he comes again.  
  
[Chorus]

Marshall, sounds like an S.O.S.  
Holy whack unlyrical lyrics Andre, you're fuckin' right!  
To the rap mobile, let's go!  
  
Marshall! Marshall!  
  
Bitches and Gentleman!  
It's showtime!  
Hurry, hurry, step right up!  
Introducin' the star of our show, his name is  
  
Marshall!  
  
You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now  
So without further ado, I bring to you  
  
Marshall!  
  
You 'bout to witness hip hop in its  
Most purest, most rawest form, flow almost flawless  
Most hardest, most honest, known artist  
Chip off the old block but old doc is  
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin  
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden  
With his own private plane, his own pilot  
Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges (boom sound)  
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes  
Yeah, here I come  
I'm inches away from you, here, fear none  
Hip hop is in a state of 911, so  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
Let's get down to business  
I don't got no time to play around what is this?  
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down  
On these clowns, can I get a witness?  
Hell Yeah!  
  
Quick gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles  
Gee willikers Dre, holy bat syllables  
Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham  
When I'm gone time to get rid of these rap criminals  
So, skip to ya Lou, while I do what I do best  
You ain't even impressed no more, you used to it  
Flows too wet, nobody close to it  
Nobody says it was 'til everyone knows the shit  
The most hated on outta all those who say they get hated  
On eighties songs  
Exaggerate it all so much  
They make it all up  
There's no such thing  
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans  
It just means so much more to so much more  
People when you rappin' and you know what for  
The show must go on, so I'd like to welcome y'all  
To Marshall and Andre's carnival  
Come on! Now  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
It's just like old times, the dynamic duo  
Two old friends, why panic?  
You already who's fully capable, the two caped heroes  
Dial straight down the center eight hundred  
You can even call collect, the most feared duet  
Since me and Elton, play career Russian Roulette  
And never even seen me blink get me bustin' a sweat  
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set  
Just to get to see a MC who breathes so freely  
Ease ova these beats, and be so breezy  
Jesus, how can shit be so easy  
How can one Chandra be so Levy  
Turn on these beats MC's don't see me  
Believe me, B-E-T and M-T-V  
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog fo' sheezy  
Can't leave rap alone the game needs me  
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear into the mountains  
Nothin' but clowns down here  
But we ain't fuckin' around 'round here  
Yo Dre!  
What up?  
Can I get a hell yeah?  
Hell Yeah!  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
So there you have it folks  
Marshall!  
Has come to save the day  
Back with his friend Andre  
And to remind you that bullshit does not pay  
Because  
Marshall!  
And Andre are here to stay and never go away  
Until our dying day, until we're old and gray  
Marshall!  
So until next time friends  
Same blond hair, same rap channel  
Goodnight everyone, thank you for coming  
Your host for the evening  
Marshall!  
Oh! Ha!

So this is it  
This is what I wished for  
Just isn't how I envisioned it  
Fame to the point of imprisonment  
I just thought the shit'd be different  
But something changed  
The minute that I got a whiff of it  
I started to inhale it  
Smell it  
Started sniffin' it  
And it became my cocaine  
I just couldn't quit  
I just wanted a little bit  
Then it turned me to a monster  
I became a hypocrite  
Concert after concert  
  
I was raking in the dough  
Rolling in green  
Had the game hemmed up  
Like a sewing machine  
But I was losing my freedom  
There was no where for me  
To not go and be seen  
And just go and be me  
And there was no in-between  
You either loved it or hate it  
  
Every CD critics gave it a three, then three  
Years later, they'd go back and re-rate it  
And call the Slim Shady LP the greatest  
The Marshall Mathers was a classic  
The Eminem Show was fantastic  
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it  
I guess enough time just ain't passed, yet  
A couple more years, that shit'll be ill-matic  
And eight years later, I'm still at it  
Divorce, re-married  
A felon  
A father  
Sleeping pill addict  
And this is real talk  
I feel like the Incredible Hulk  
My back has been broke, and I can still walk  
  
So be careful what you wish for  
'Cause you just might get it  
And if you get it then you just might not know  
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just  
Come back on you ten-fold  
  
I said  
  
Be careful what you wish for  
'Cause you just might get it  
And if you get it then you just might not know  
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just  
Come back on you ten-fold  
  
I got a letter from a fan, that said  
He's been praying for me  
Every day and for some reason  
It's been weighing on my mind heavy  
'Cause I don't read every  
Letter I get, but something told me to go ahead and open it, but  
Why would someone pray for you when they don't know you?  
You didn't pray for me when I was local  
And as I lay these vocals  
I think of all the shit I had to go through  
Just to get to where I'm at  
I've already told you at least  
  
A thousand times in these rhymes  
I appreciate the prayer, but I've already got  
God on my side  
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it?  
Just watchin' it from an opposite standpoint  
Man, boy's got to look  
Nuts  
And that's the only word I can think of right now  
On how  
To describe the shit  
This is like a vibe you get  
Go ahead and bob to it  
Just watch what you wish for, 'cause I got the shit  
  
So be careful what you wish for  
'Cause you just might get it  
And if you get it then you just might not know  
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just  
Come back on you ten-fold  
  
I said  
  
Be careful what you wish for  
'Cause you just might get it  
And if you get it then you just might not know  
What to do wit' it, 'cause it might just  
Come back on you ten-fold

You are now listening to the sounds of...Shady
and...Alchemist..Alchemist..Alchemist...  
Got an axe in the duffel bag, couple of fags,  
Stuffed in the backseat, muzzled n gagged,  
Wrapped in bubble wrap, two lesbians ahh,  
Couple hustler mags, now grab the pez dispenser,  
Fill it up to the max, with muscle relaxers,  
The governor of Alaska, She lusts when I ask her,  
To shove my polaski sausage up in her ass huh,  
While we hover over Nebraska,  
Shooting at the fucking buffalo pasture,  
In the helicopter, man I can't fuck her no faster,  
She's screaming grab my titties, shady suck on those bastards,  
But I ain't no sucker, I won't snuggle up with her after,  
I'm a gigolo, But Ya'll look like the juggalo rapper,  
Everyday man I just seem to get a little bit doper,  
Shit, Back down,  
Man I'd rather lick on a scrotum,  
And eat the fucking octa Mom's pussy lips with some okra,  
While I watch Whoopi Goldberg, Sizzle with Oprah,  
While bossy pussy farts and takes a piss on the sofa,  
Getting home and play dick swords with the Jonas...Brothers,  
Your mother fucking mothers are roamers, Like no other,  
I keep thinking of her smothered in soma's...  
Its chemical warfare, Drop bombs like sadam,  
I'm bringing the drama, Like Barrack Obama,  
Playing rock em' sock em' robots with the Octo Mama,  
I'm vato loco, homie I'll cock those llamas,  

Where's my snare?  
I have no snare in my headphones  
There you go, yeah, yo yo  
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?  
I have, I've been protested and demonstrated against  
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times  
Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind  
All this commotion emotions run deep as oceans explodin'  
Tempers flaring from parents just blow 'em off and keep goin'  
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'  
Keep kickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' names in the evening  
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in their mouth  
See they can trigger me but they never figure me out  
Look at me now, I bet ya probably sick of me now  
Ain't you mama I'm a make you look so ridiculous now  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
I said I'm sorry mama  
I never meant to hurt you  
I never meant to make you cry  
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet  
  
I got some skeletons in my closet and  
I don't know if no one knows it  
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it  
I'm a expose it, I'll take you back to '73  
Before I ever had a multi-platinum sellin' C-D  
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months  
My fagot father must have had his panties up in a bunch  
Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye  
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die  
I look at Hailie and I couldn't picture leavin' her side  
Even if I hated Kim, I grit my teeth and I  
Try to make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake  
I maybe made some mistakes but I'm only human  
But I'm man enough to face them today!  
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb  
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun  
Cause I'd a killed them, shit I woulda shot Kim and him both  
This my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Now I would never dis my own mama  
Just to get recognition  
Take a second to listen who you think this record is dissin'  
But put yourself in my position just try to envision  
Witnessin' yo mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen  
Bitchin' that someones always goin' through her purse and shit's missin'  
Goin' through public housing systems, victim of Munchhausen's syndrome  
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't  
'Til I grew up, now I blew up  
It makes you sick to your stomach doesn't it?  
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma?  
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma?  
Well guess what your gettin' older now and  
It's cold when your lonely and Nathan's growin' up so quick  
He's gonna know that your phony  
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her she's beautiful  
But you'll never see her, she won't even be at your funeral!  
See what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong  
Bitch, do your song  
Keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom  
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get  
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit  
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me?  
Well guess what I am dead, dead to you as can be!  
  
[Chorus: x2]

[Chorus:]  
Got to have it,  
Yeah I made it  
I'm addicted  
  
[Eminem - Verse 1]  
This was a beat with no words at first, it's a blank painting  
Exercising the mind, it's brain strength training  
Starts off something like shady's an insane maniac  
Yeah slim shady that's a zany name aint it  
Now all you needs an image to go with the name, baby  
Wife beaters and white t-shirts  
Hanes mainly, it's a long shot but is it possible  
There's a lane maybe,  
If not, he's gonna have to come and change the whole game aint he  
He wants the fame so bad he can taste it  
He can see his name up in lights  
Women screaming his f-cking name feinting  
Shady did it, he sold out the whole dang stadium  
Joe Shmoe made it, he took his plain Jane lady  
And his baby Hailey out the trailer  
But he aint trailing anymore he's ahead of the race  
While maintaining his innocence  
Little does he know his train is derailing  
And he's about to be raped by this game anally.  
  
[Chorus:]  
Got to have it,  
Yeah I made it  
I'm addicted  
  
[Eminem - Verse 2]  
You're operating on all cylinders  
Syllables spit like dillingers  
Spilling your guts  
People are feeling your mic skills  
But these haters are ice grillin' ya  
Willing to sacrifice anything for the life thye might steal from ya  
Fake friends will kill for ya, die for ya  
But you can't decipher why for the life of ya  
It wasn't like this when you were cyphering  
Argue with your ife again  
She found vicodin in your pants last night again  
Your disputes public  
Nothings private anymore  
When your best friends say bye bye to him  
What kind of apple you take a bite of slim  
(But this is what you wanted Marshall aint it)  
F-ck no, the way that it turned out  
Was nothing like the picture that I painted in my head  
Sometimes a dream I make is more fun than to actually make it  
The game stripped me naked  
It robbed me of ever having another real relation-ship  
With another girl, this World is a f-cking trip  
As I slip in another world  
Proceed, take another hit  
Sniff til I f-cking url  
Tell em all to f-cking sit and spin til they f-cking twirl  
Middle finger up again  
Relapsing back in this game, oh well, f-ck it then  
  
[Chorus:]  
Got to have it,  
Yeah I made it  
I'm addicted

Ladies and gentlemen  
The moment you've all been waiting for,  
In this corner, weighing a hundred and seventy five pounds,  
With a record of seventeen rapes, four hundred assaults, and four murders,  
The undisputed, most diabolic villain in the world  
Slim Shady!  
  
[Chorus]  
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle  
Don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto  
O-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe  
Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got clothes  
Now where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers?  
I noticed there's so many of them  
And there's really not that many of us.  
Ladies love us, my posse's kicking up dust.  
It's on till the break of dawn  
And we're starting this party from dusk  
  
OK, let's go  
  
Back with Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk  
Picture us, you'll just be another one bit the dust  
Just one of my mothers sons who got thrown under the bus  
Kiss my butt. Lick the wonder cheese from under my nuts  
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks  
It's a must I redeem my name and haters get mushed.  
Bitches lust. Man they love me when I lay in the cut.  
Fist the cup. The lady gave her eighty some paper cut.  
Now picture us. It's ridiculous you curse at the thought  
'Cause when I spit the verse the shit  
Gets worse then Worcestershire sauce  
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time  
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes  
It's elementary. The elephants have entered the room.  
I venture to say we're the center of attention it's true  
Not to mention back with a vengeance so here's the signal  
Of the bat symbol. The platinum trio's back on you hoes.  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre  
  
[Dr. Dre]  
They see that low rider go by they're, like Oh my!  
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why.  
I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre.  
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they sick of me.  
But hey, what else can I say? I love LA.  
Cause over and above all, it's just another day  
And this one begins where the last one ends.  
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again.  
I'll be dammed, just fucked around and crashed my Benz.  
Driving around with a smashed front end  
Let's cash that one in.  
Grab another one from out the stable  
The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Dorado  
The hell if I know.  
Do I want leather seats or vinyl?  
Decisions, decisions  
Garage looks like Precision Collision.  
Or Maaco beats quake like Waco  
Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though  
  
[Chorus]  
  
And I take great pleasure in introducing, 50 Cent!  
  
It's bottle after bottle  
The money ain't a thing when you party with me  
It's what we into it's simple  
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe  
I'm the napalm the bomb the don I'm King Kong  
Get rolled on wrapped up and reigned on  
I'm so calm through Vietnam ring the alarm  
Bring the Shaun Dawn burn marijuana do what you want  
Nigga on and on till the break of what  
Get the paper man I'm caking you know I don't give a fuck  
I spend it like it don't mean nothing  
Blow it like its supposed to be blown  
Motherfucker I'm grown  
I stunt I style I flash the shit  
I gets what the fuck I want so what I trick  
Fat ass burgundy bags classy shit Jimmy Choo shoes  
I say move a bitch move  
  
[Chorus]

Obie, yo  
I'm sick  
Damn, you straight dog?  
Bitches  
Gettin' sick  
  
[Chorus]  
That's why I ain't got no time  
For these games and stupid tricks  
All these bitches on my dick  
That's how dudes be gettin' sick  
That's how dicks be gettin' drips  
Fallin' victims to this shit  
From these bitches on our dicks  
Fuckin' chickens with no ribs  
That's why I ain't got no time  
  
Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk  
I had a bag of the skunk, one and last night's tunk  
Pussy residue was on my penis  
Denise from the cleaners  
Fucked me good, you should of seen us  
Big booty bitch, switch unbearable,  
French role stylin', body like a Stallion  
Sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigga  
Debatin' on to fuck, or do I wanna be a nigga  
Caressin' this bitch, plus I'm checkin' out them tits  
Sippin' on that fine shit  
I ain't use to buyin'  
I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory  
Like takin' ho's money, but that's anutha story  
For surely ya pussy on toast, after we toast  
her clothes fell like Bishop and Juice  
The womb beata', clean pussy eata, insertin' my jock  
In that spot hotta' than the hottest block, don't stop!  
Response I got when I was knockin' it  
Clocks steadin' tickin', kinky finga lickin'  
Then carryin on, semin's at my tip when she moans  
I gotta slow down before I cum soon  
And work that nigga, like a slave owna'  
When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her  
She foamin' at them lips, the ones between the hips  
Pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip  
Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though  
Pussy tighta' than conditions of us black folks  
we in the final stretch, the last part of sex  
I bust a fat ass nut, then I woke up next  
Like, what the fuck is goin' on here?  
This bitch evaporated, pussy and all just picked up and vacated  
And now I'm frustrated cause my dick was unprotected  
And doctor Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit  
Fuck  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Now I don't wanna hit no women when this chick's got it comin'  
Someone betta' get this bitch 'fore she gets kicked in the stomach  
And she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me to throw 'er  
Off the steps on this porch, my only weapon is force  
And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort  
But what's she shovin' me for? Doesn't she love me no more?  
Wasn't she huggin' me four minutes ago at the door?  
Man I'm this close to goin' toe to toe with this whore  
What would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce  
She's havin' another baby of the month and it's yours  
And you found it isn't 'cause this bitch has been visitin'  
Someone else and suckin' his dick and kissin' you on the lips  
When you get back to Michigan  
Now the plot has thickend 'n worse  
'Cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a hearse  
So your paranoid at every little cold that you get  
Ever since they sold you this shit, you've been holdin' your dick  
So you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it  
Then the doctor comes out lookin' like Dennis the Menace ha ha ha ha  
And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby, it's AIDS  
He ain't even gotta call in you his office to say it  
So you jet back home, 'cause you gon' get that ho  
And when you see 'er, you're gonna bend 'er fuckin' neck back yo  
'Cause you love 'er, you neva' would've expect that blow  
Obie told you to scoop, how could she stoop that low?  
Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleanas  
Bringin' me home diseases swingin' from Obie's penis  
She's so deceivin', shit this ho's a genius  
She gee'd us  
  
[Chorus]  
  
"I'm busy!"  
Yeah, fuck these bitches  
Fuck 'em all"  
Get money  
Ha!  
Shady Records  
Woo!  
Obie Trice  
Eminem motherfucker  
New millennium shit  
Yeah  
Turn this shit off  
Turn this shit the fuck off

All aboard, okay, next stop, my basement, haha  
I'll meet you down there  
  
[Chorus]  
There once was a saying that I used to say  
Back in the day when I met Dre  
I used to sit and goof on the phone with, my friend Proof  
That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof  
He said what If you went platinum, I'd just laugh at him  
That's not happening, that I can't fathom  
Eighty something million records worldwide later,  
I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator  
  
Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady  
You slay me, nothing you say matters enough that you shame me  
Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele  
Woopsa that a fucking daisy  
That's a no-no who even she knows Dada's fucking crazy  
Fucking animal, cookoo, bananas, fucking A B  
Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me  
Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby  
You may think it's cause of the way that I was brought up  
But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters  
Every line I ever said has got me in a corner  
You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does  
You wouldn't listen man, I tried to warn ya when you started  
Now your brains all horny cause of all the shit you thought of  
Chainsaw slaughters turn your daughters into sawdust  
I never thought it'd come to this, I outta just be honest but  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it fake it  
They get so mad, when I call them both fagots  
All these fucking voices in my head I can't take it  
Someone shut that fucking baby up, 'for I shake it  
You're standing adjacent to Jason's last slut, they're facing  
Together makes 'em, a fucking bad combination  
I lashed at the doctor in my last operation  
Shoved the wiener schnitzel up his ass, hopped away some-  
Body please stop the patient, get the cops to mase him  
Homie, I'm the shizer, pass Doctor Dre some  
I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away son  
No not-a now, not a chance, not today son  
I can't believe I leave for one brief second  
And you pussy's queef all over the rap game, naked  
And use a leaf to clean up the crap stains, feck it  
I just keep saying the same exact saying, check it  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Elevator in my house, I'll smell ya later  
I blew the fuck up, a hamster in a microwave  
Think about an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em  
Told the neighbor step away, then I just pepper sprayed 'em  
Yeah, for every time you ride down the street  
Or hideout, drive by my house and beep  
Like now motherfucker, try now to sleep  
Lie down motherfucker, try countin' sheep  
And you're tryna find out, why now there's beef?  
Mase in your face bitch, cry now pussy  
This is my house, all nine thousand feet  
So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth  
Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top  
Stand above 'em,just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop  
Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop  
While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement, yelling stop!  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit  
This must be all that there is, this must be it  
Fuckin'-A even got a bidet  
Wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper  
Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off  
I can just toss a flying saucer in it  
This shit's awesome, yeah, fucking elevator  
Living in a house with a fucking elevator

[Talking: Obie Trice]  
New shit Obie Trice, Eminem  
Get familiar wit it  
  
[Verse 1: Obie Trice]  
Obie the person that came up and deverted  
Cause of nervousness  
That was solely the homie's verdict  
It was worth it  
Cause he changed, became so I observed it  
Certain such of a purpose  
Its like a different version  
So much hurtin' and pain  
Gave him game for certain  
That's why its curtains at his murder if you get him worked up  
I'm so assertive on these motherfuckers actin' tougher  
Had enough of  
Isolating myself in a room  
Writing poems for songs doin' the same in school  
Now look what he became a fool  
Cause he learned how to sustain his two  
And obtain fame from you  
Living hard but still Julliard  
A god walks and ain't spent a day in a pew  
Regardless of this I draw visual pictures when a nigga vents  
So welcome to the art department  
  
[Verse 2: Eminem]  
I stimulate the brain mimick  
Emulate the sane  
Sick of people thinkin' its a fuckin' mimick when it ain't  
Clinically insane  
Brain is on Venus  
Suck your anus (Uranus)  
Label me a genius if you ever seen as you would say  
He may seem as though hes plain normal  
If you ever meet him greet him with a shake see he ain't as mean as what they
say  
See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say so hes vague  
So they mistake him for just bein' crazed  
You don't think hes strange  
You turn around and tell him please and thanks  
And catch him flippin' you off with his pants down  
Hands around  
His Scrotum tuckin' his fuckin' penis between his legs  
  
[Talking: Eminem]  
This is Shade 45  
You know how motherfuckin' serious this shit is?  
This shit is so motherfuckin' serious

I don't wanna say goodbye  
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like  
All I wanna do is cry  
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight  
  
Farewell miss I know that you can care less  
But I'm sorry for everything I was careless  
But I need you to know that I love you so much  
And I've been drinking myself to sleep my soul's crushed  
A couple more shots I know I'm gonna go nuts  
I can't deal with the fact you left me with no crutch  
I was in love with you how could you do this to me  
Actually I did this to myself, what a tragedy!  
And now what do I do?  
Where do I go?  
Cause everywhere I go I see your face  
It's hard starting over  
Trying to find another shoulder  
To lean on  
I feel like my whole life just got peed on  
They say time heals but dammit I wanna stop time and feel this pain  
As crazy as it sounds to me it's sane  
And I like it, why? 'cause I feel like we're still united  
In some weird way I don't wanna fight it  
  
I don't wanna say goodbye  
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like  
All I wanna do is cry  
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight  
  
I wrote you the other day and you didn't write back!  
It's like that!? after all the crap we been through!?  
I can't believe you! I know I fucked up!  
But look within you and find some love and stop being stuck up!  
You keep sending me to voicemail!  
I'm annoyed, hell!, shit you coulda at least sent a text  
But you're probably busy kissing someone else's lips  
While I'm sitting here cleaning my shoes from this shit!  
You're hard headed a sharp headache  
I need help call a medic  
I just cut myself, yeah, I did it  
Without you I'm nothing don't you get it!?  
Every time that I said I loved you I meant it!  
You turn and tell me you hate me and regret that  
We ever met, I can't believe you just said that  
You're so cold you just hit me so low  
I can't take this no more, so hit the road  
  
I don't wanna say goodbye  
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like  
All I wanna do is cry  
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight  
  
Some things just don't seem the way they do  
One day you tell me I love you and only you  
I wake up to find out it was a dream  
You're telling me you hate me, you're leaving me  
People change everything changes  
We go from best friends then become strangers  
We go from seeing each other everyday then  
Farewell to never seeing your face again  
  
I can't get you outta of my head  
So I'm out of bed at 4 in the morning  
Wishing I was dead  
But for some odd reason I can't do it  
For some reason I needed to write  
What's on my mind and what's going through it  
Cause if I don't I'll probably suffocate  
Why do you have so much hate  
Towards me you need some loving babe  
God I fucking love you I hate myself  
For falling in love with you  
Just to find out all I did was trouble you  
My heart is aching I'm medicated  
I tried meditating  
But nothing works I don't even feel sedated  
I wish you could feel what I feel for one second  
I reckon you would jump out your window bare naked  
Fuck humiliation, you do anything to get me back  
Opinions wouldn't matter what they thought in fact  
You would tell everyone to fuck themselves good  
And do everything to have me if you could  
  
I don't wanna say goodbye  
But sometimes things just don't go as we'd like  
All I wanna do is cry  
Say my farewells, pack up and leave tonight

Let me tell your first  
When I'm done freestylin youll need a fuckin hurst  
I'm white yeah I'm kinda like slim shady  
And looking at you, ur probably hung like a baby.  
I pissed you off with that one liner  
But I'm sure ill do it again like a big tymer.  
Ok right now I'm gonna let you flow  
And when I'm tired of hearin your shit ill let you know.  
  
Its my turn and I'm gonna drop a bomb  
Blow you up like a fucking Vietcong.  
I'm sick with the rhymes I've just said  
Don't mind my face its a little red.  
Cuz I'm embarrassed to be up here its true  
Its not cuz I'm scared its cuz I'm battling someone like you.  
I mean jesus your rhymes aint even witty  
And every one here knows your lyrics are shitty  
But its ok cuz your tryin your best  
And if you have a girlfriend I'm sure her backs like her chest  
In other words you be fucking a guy  
And don't tell me the excuse, its cuz I was high  
Its cuz your like at the other fags who think their cool  
But infact your really enjoy pushing it stool!  
  
I'm done ok I can't think of any thing else to say  
I'm at lost for words cuz my rhymes might be soundin gay  
But then again we listened to your rhymes so I guess it would be ok.  
Ill finish your off with a one liner and then I'm done.  
This is the rhyme that with solididfy that I won.  
I listened to every rhyme youve said  
And it was all mumble jumble like your were giving some head.  
Now remember I'm white so I don't belong in the rap game  
But id be there before you cuz your lyrics where fuck in lame!!!

[Intro - Joe Beast]  
("Gangstas")  
Detroit in last minute  
("Gangstas")  
Yeah, to all my Hill  
("Gangstas")  
Yeah everybody out there  
("Gangstas")  
Ya know what I mean?  
Rock that  
Rock that  
("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit  
("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit  
Rock that  
("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit  
("Gangstas") shit, shit, shit  
  
[Verse 1 - Joe Beast]  
Do no shit talkin'  
Sprayin' niggas up when that clip poppin'  
On the west with the (gangstas),  
They Crip walkin'  
Glock pistol grip, custom fit coffins  
Niggas is rollin' they shit, blunt coughin'  
Nigga is you (gangsta) or just talkin'  
Them ill hill niggas, do this shit often  
From my project bricks to Compton  
We original (gangstas)  
And really ass critical (gangstas)  
Now you hit lookin' pitiful, ain't ya?  
You ain't no motherfuckin' (gangsta), gangsta  
Yo, you got to walk in the shoes of a (gangsta)  
And you gotta pay your dues to be a (gangsta)  
Yo them niggas make the news, they cause (gangsta)  
The bad guy lose, that ain't gangsta ("gangsta")  
  
Yo those Pittsburgh niggas is (gangstas)  
Yeah them Chi-town niggas is (gangstas)  
Boston niggas is (gangsta)  
Yo, Philly niggas they keep it (gangsta)  
And them New York niggas they (gangstas)  
And them L. A. Niggas, yo they (gangstas)  
And them atl niggas, they (gangstas)  
  
[Verse 2 - Joe Beast]  
Do you really keep it (gangsta), yeah or is you bluffin'  
A real (gangsta) leave a murder scene disgustin'  
Where my (gangstas) servin' them fiends hustlin'  
Real (gangstas) they ain't hustlin' for nothin'  
Is that a (gangsta)? Naw, homey  
Them Hill (gangstas) they'll break your jaw homey  
Them East coast (gangstas) on that grind  
And them West coast, gangbangin' throwin' signs  
My down South (gangstas), gettin' crazy pay  
Be so (gangsta), throw they gays to your braids  
This is for my (gangstas), in the grave  
And this is for my (gangstas), locked in the caves  
Keep that shit (gangsta), sharpin' up them blades  
This is for my (gangstas), on lockdown  
And my niggas, got the block locked down  
We gangstas niggas, we don't gotta down  
  
[Chorus - Joe Beast]  
(Gangsta) gangsta, gangsta, is you or ain't ya  
Those (gangstas) gangstas will shoot you or shank ya  
They say (gangsta) this gangsta music change ya  
But I'm a keep it (gangsta), even if I'm famous  
  
[Verse 3 - Joe Beast]  
We don't wet ya'll (gangstas),  
So ya'll better respect our (gangstas)  
Matter fact you ain't no  
Motherfuckin' (gangsta), you a car thief  
Nigga if you (gangsta), then try to harm me  
(Good shit), dog you gonna need a army  
Don't have me have to call them niggas from Core Street  
They bringin' more heat, come to start a war with Beast  
Monsters, Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhies  
Nigga, I love this gangsta shit  
No guns in the pen now shank you quick  
Now that's that (gangsta) shit, shit, shit  
Joe Beast goin' to the bank with this  
Now that's (gangsta), Beast is in  
Watch me sloppy Joe off this zero's gin  
Go to jail, back out in the streets again  
If drop they gun, put the heat to his chin  
Now that's  
  
[Chorus - Joe Beast]  
(Gangsta) gangsta, gangsta is you or ain't ya  
Them (gangstas) gangstas will shot you or shank ya  
They say (gangsta) this gangsta music change ya  
But I'm a keep it gangsta even I'm famous

[Intro:]  
Yeah, yeah, I get it  
I run this rap shit, now guess who's back  
You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3)  
X2  
  
[Verse]  
They keep on sayin' the same rappers are the best  
Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they're just tryna distract it  
From the fact that I'm comin' back  
Or maybe it's cause I ain't black, maybe it's because of that  
Maybe it's because I'm the highest sellin' artist in rap  
While I'm sittin' back in my office jackin' off to my plaques  
I'm still sick, how can I be sick this long  
And I'm still alive, Magic Johnson arise  
I thrive on makin' my opponents think that I've died  
That's when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there  
Damn I forgot how much money he got  
On the beach of St. Tropez, but your man don't lay  
In the sun cause I don't tan, I burn, blood clot  
When you gonna learn how much money we've earned  
How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25  
And coulda retired at 29 in my 20's still  
And Fif' here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit  
And he ain't even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick  
No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score  
To go from sellin' bags to bottles right out the store  
And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us  
My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers  
So stay the fuck off us, we make pay  
I'm just a super easy modest mc, okay?  
Til I hear the word has been, that's when I start spazzin'  
Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then  
I'm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards  
I'm a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye's glasses!

Life  
By Marshal Mathers  
What is life?  
Life is like a big obstacle  
In front of your optical to slow you down  
  
And every time you think you gotten past it  
It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground  
What are friends?  
Friends are people that you think are your friends  
But they really your enemies, with secret identities  
And disguises, to hide they true colors  
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers  
They want to come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'  
  
What is money?  
Money is what makes a man act funny  
Money is the root of all evil  
Money'll make them same friends come back around  
Swearing that they was always down  
  
What is life?  
I'm tired of life  
I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins  
I'm tired of committing so many sins  
Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins  
Tired of never having any ends  
Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and many things  
I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins  
Tired of not having a deal  
Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel  
Tired of drowning in my sorrow  
Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo  
I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off  
I'm tired of jobs startin' off at five fifty an hour  
Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off  
Tired of being fired every time I fart and cough  
Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk  
For this jerk breathing down my neck driving me berserk  
I'm tired of using plastic silverware  
Tired of working in Building Square  
Tired of not being a millionaire  
But if I had a million dollars  
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics  
  
If I had a magic wand,  
I'd make the world suck my dick  
Without a condom on,  
While I'm on the john  
If I had a million bucks  
It wouldn't be enough,  
Because I'd still be out  
Robbing armored trucks  
If I had one wish  
I would ask for a big enough ass  
For the whole world to kiss  
  
I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor  
Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store  
I'm tired of not having a phone  
Tired of not having a home  
To have one in if I did have it on  
Tired of not driving a B-M  
Tired of not working at G-M, tired of wanting to be him  
Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol P-M  
Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum  
Tired of not being on tour  
Tired of fucking the same blond whore  
After work in the back of a Contour  
I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones  
Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns  
  
Tired of being stared at  
I'm tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat  
Tired of stepping in clubs wearing the same pair of Lugz  
Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs  
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me  
Saying they wasn't feeling me when nobody's as ill as me  
I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs  
Tired of J-L-be saying "Where Hip-Hop Lives"  
  
But if I had a million dollars  
I'd buy a damn brewery, and turn the planet into alcoholics  
If I had a magic wand, I'd make the world suck my dick  
Without a condom on, while I'm on the john  
  
If I had a million bucks  
It wouldn't be enough, because I'd still be out  
Robbing armored trucks  
If I had one wish  
I would ask for a big enough ass  
For the whole world to kiss  
You know what I'm saying?  
I'm tired of all of this bullshit  
Telling me to be positive  
How'm I 'sposed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?  
Know what I'm sayin'?  
I rap about shit around me, shit I see  
Know what I'm sayin'?  
Right now I'm tired of everything  
Tired of all this player hating that's going on in my own city  
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?  
But ey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?  
Just fed up  
That's my word

Damn it feels good to be back  
I'm having a relapse  
  
How the hell did he manage  
To get more felony charges?  
He's already got life in jail  
Man, what the hell is his problem?  
  
Well to be honest the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic  
They compelled me  
To kill this elderly man  
  
And I get these panic attacks  
Pop a xanax, relax  
Try to stick my fucking dick  
Inside a mannequins ass  
  
Then I get manic depressed  
And the orthodontist get gas masked  
Kick ass  
The first thing I'll put on is the mask  
  
Speaking of masks, man  
It ain't to late to have a change of pace  
And take it off and show my face  
So you can see the things you face  
And slice you up  
And cook you after your murder  
By strangulation  
  
that's bacon souffle  
You making ain't you  
Well thank you jason  
  
There goes one more coma  
Due to blunt force trauma  
Just give me one more soma  
And I'll be done for it mama  
  
Go in the damn broom closet  
Another valium lost it  
Shovin the vacuums nozzle  
Down the bathroom faucet  
  
It seems like every day I get a little flakier  
The medication is making my hands a little shakier  
Hand me that 18 month old baby  
To shake him up  
It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea  
Breaking his neck in 80 some places  
  
Baby here shady comes lady  
He's got the razor ba-blades and the cha-cha-chainsaw-saw baby  
You be-be-blundering bumbling m-m-mumbling dumm dumms  
Yeah, here I come come you hear the rumbling, vrum vrum  
  
there's something inside of that blue tarp  
And that drum drum  
A head and torso of someone  
Where'd it come from?  
  
Who's it belong to  
Maybe that girl with the long blond hair  
Who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom poms  
Clearly there's some'n wrong  
'Cause she didn't come home  
  
she's missing  
Where is she  
Something fishy is going on  
I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs  
  
Now everybody get your dance on  
To my damn song  
C'mon

Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby,  
Back up in that motherfucking ass  
One time for your mother fucking mind,  
We represent the 313  
You know what I'm saying?, 'cause they don't know shit about this  
For the 9-6  
  
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction  
To get your brain relaxing, a zany acting maniac in action  
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction  
You look insanely whack when just a fraction of my tracks run  
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills  
I travel through your mind into your spine like siren drills  
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants  
Twist the necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects  
We disinfect then check the monologue, turn your system up  
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smog  
This is the season for noise pollution contamination  
Examination of more cartoons than animation  
My lamination of narration  
Hit's a snare and bass of track fucked up rapper interrogation  
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing  
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland  
I'm infinite  
  
You heard of hell well I was sent from it  
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments  
Now I'm trying to repent from it  
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it  
I'm infinite  
  
Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense  
I got some meat to mince, a crew to stomp and two feet to rinse  
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans  
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans  
My coil hands around this microphone are lethal  
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people  
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium  
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one  
Imitator, intimidator, stimulator, simulator of data, eliminator  
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus  
Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases  
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces  
My accapella releases classic masterpieces through telekinesis  
And eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally  
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite  
  
You heard of hell well I was sent from it  
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments  
Now I'm trying to repent from it  
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it  
I'm infinite  
  
Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since  
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O  
So I'm assuming all responsibility  
'Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's  
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler  
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler  
No one is specialer, My skill is intergalactical  
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school  
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical  
I'd rather let a tactical, tact full track tickle your fancy  
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine  
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching  
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam  
Plus the man who never had a plan B  
Be all you can be, 'cause once you make an instant hit  
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit  
I'm infinite  
  
You heard of hell well I was sent from it  
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments  
Now I'm trying to repent from it  
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it.  
I'm infinite  
You heard of hell well I was sent from it  
I went to it serving a sentence for murderin' instruments  
Now I'm trying to repent from it  
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it.  
I'm infinite

Intro:  
Let's get down to business  
I don't got no time to play around what is this... what is this...  
The Invasion! yeah yeah Green Lantern! The infiltration! We're comin'!  
Yeah!  
I got 50 Cent, I got G-unit, D-twizzy in this bitch, wit' obie trice  
So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name, 'cause you say one more thing,
it won't be nice  
Here we go,  
I shoulda known  
I was bound to get pulled  
Into some bullshit  
Sooner or later  
You litte haters  
Are too jealous of us to love us  
You hate it,  
G-unit made it,  
Then Obie's coming,  
D-twizzy's comin, ya sick to  
Ya stomach  
50 percent of it's 50 Cent,  
The other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is  
But if you even considerin' takin' our label down,  
You better find our building  
And fly a fuckin plane into it  
But I ain't tryin to get to intricate into it,  
I'm just tryin to give you a little hint for your own benefit  
'cause then it's gonna get to the point  
Where it escalates into some other shit,  
Then I'm a flip  
Then I'm a get to  
Stompin' in my Air Force once,  
Won't be able to tell if its two purrs or it's one  
'cause it's gone feel like so many feet kickin you,  
You think Nike just made these cleats into shoes  
I don't know what it is or what it could be,  
But I get a woody,  
When these pussies try to push me  
Thinkin they gone put me in a position to pickle me  
Y'all tickle me pink,  
I think I'd just rather have pink tickle me  
Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety,  
A little bit of the diggety doc  
Diggety mixed with a little bit of the jigga j-jigga  
What a small pinch,  
Biggy look at me,  
I'm just a bomb diggety  
(Chorus)  
We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable  
'cause we gone fuck around and kill your lable! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50,
Shady  
Records we the lable for sho!  
We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable  
'cause we gone fuck around and steal your paper! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50,
we're  
Gone kill your fuckin lable for sho!  
(Bridge)  
Shady in the place to BC, 'cause I got what it takes to rock tha mic RIGHT!  
Still watch what you say to me ho cause I'm off probation in less than 6
MONTHS!  
(Outro)  
Ha ha, whooo, Shady records, still Aftermath, and don't think we don't hear
you  
Muthafuckas talkin, 'cause we do, we see y'all, but we just gone sit back for
a minute  
And see what the fuck y'all do!  
  

OK  
Guess who's back  
Back again  
Shady's back  
Tell a friend  
  
Now everyone report to the dance floor  
To the dance floor, to the dance floor  
Now everyone report to the dance floor, alright stop  
Pajama time  
Come here little kiddies, on my lap  
Guess who's back with a brand new rap  
And I don't mean rap, as in a new case  
Of child molestation accusation aah aah aah aah aah  
No worries, pappa's got a brand new bag of toys  
What else could I possibly do to make noise, I done touched on everything,  
But little boys  
And that's not a stab at Micheal, that's just a metaphor,  
I'm just psycho  
I go a little bit crazy sometimes  
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes  
Good God, dip, do a little slide  
Bend down, touch your toes and just glide, up the center of the dance floor  
Like T-P for my bung hole and it's cool if you let one go  
Nobody's gonna know who'd hear it  
Give a little "poot poot", it's OK  
Oops my C-D just skipped  
And everyone just heard you let one rip,  
  
[Chorus]  
Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,  
Yeah boy shake that ass,  
Oops I mean girl  
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)  
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah  
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah  
  
It's Friday and it's my day, chance to party  
All the way to Sunday, maybe till Monday, I dunno what day  
Everyday's just a holiday  
Crusin' on the freeway feelin' kinda breezy  
Get the top down, let my hair blow,  
I dunno where I'm goin'  
All I know is when I get there, someones gonna touch my body  
Excuse me miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk  
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work  
Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair  
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out, yeah  
Now what's your name girl, what's your sign?  
Man, you must be up out your mind  
Dre aah aah, beer goggles, blind, I'm just trying to unwind, now I'm  
  
Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,  
Yeah boy shake that ass,  
Oops I mean girl  
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)  
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah  
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah  
  
It's Tuesday and I'm locked up,  
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened  
They say I was running butt naked  
Down the street screaming aah aah aah aah aah  
Your honor I'm sorry, I don't remember  
All I know is this much, I'm not guilty  
They said save it boy, we got you on tape  
Telling an old lady to "touch my body"  
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down  
It gets real tense, no one makes a sound  
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now  
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves  
Now step back to reality, look it's B.Rabbit, you signed me up to battle?  
I'm a grown man chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba  
I don't have any lines to go right here so  
Duba duba teletubie fella's what? fella's yeah?  
Grab you left (nut), make right one jealous what?  
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls, tall girls, small girls,  
I'm calling all girls  
Everyone report to the dance floor, it's your chance for a little romance or  
Butt squeezing it's the season  
Just go aah aah aah aah, it's so appeasin'  
  
Now I'm gonna make you dance, it's your chance,  
Yeah boy shake that ass,  
Oops I mean girl  
Girl girl girl (Now you know you're my world)  
Alright now lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Just lose it Aah aah aah aah aah  
Go crazy Aah aah aah aah aah  
Oh baby Aah aah, Oh baby baby aah aah  
  
Mm touch my body  
Mm touch my body  
Ooh boy just touch my body  
I mean girl just touch my body

Oh, my goodness  
What have I done (oh no)  
I can't believe it  
It's like I've got the whole world  
In my palm  
And I'm ready to drop bombs  
  
Welcome to the slim shady mecca Rebbecca  
It's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca  
It's my sector homosexual dissector  
Come again rewind selector  
I said nice rectum  
I had a vasectomy Hector  
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya  
Hannibal Lector in the guy sex and I bet ya  
I tantalize ya in the less than five seconds I get ya  
They said once bitten n twice shy  
We lie next to the guy  
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra  
Boxes of ripped condoms and quantities why yes sir  
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills for my dresser  
It's my kinda vibe what else should I try Lester  
Drop, kick the bits before a second trimester  
Performed a home abortion with Dexter the ni yeser  
Dig a fetus out with a wire hanging then digest her  
  
[Chorus]  
I guess it's time for you to hate me again  
Lets begin now hand me the pin  
How should I begin it and were does it all end  
The world is just my medicine ball your all in  
I said  
I guess it's time for you to hate me again  
Lets begin now hand me the pin  
How should I begin it and were does it all end  
My medicine ball your in my medicine ball friends  
  
All my west side bitches throw it up  
Put a balloon inside your pussy queef and blow it up  
Man I think that he just fell off the teeth and showin' up  
So you better change the station  
To keep from throwin' up  
Man you seen it all before your alter a million with it  
There's a penis on the floor and two balls so you know who did it  
You know you with it girl don't front, oh no you didn't  
I won right by the Pussy Cat Dolls "When call you kitten"  
I'll pee on Rihanna see man I do what I wanna  
Spray perfume in the sauna room  
Crazy glue in Madonna to  
The lazy boy so called fold her in two and sit on her  
Imagine if visual for that man  
Who woulda thought  
Could ever be such a relentless prick  
And leashin' his fingers  
For the chicks who waltz  
She looks like she outlived her life sentence  
I never meant this, rhyme to be so offensive  
If you weren't so defensive it wouldn't be  
Your so sensitive  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand  
Kick it up and push him and knee him right into quick sand  
Here you need a hand big man grab hold of this branch  
With both hands, man they don't understand I'm just a sick man  
Now everybody's pissed at me like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many
different words, jeez  
So one last time, Mister Christopher Reeves  
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the first please  
(Chrisopher Reeves) Eminem I'm coming to kill you (sniff)  
Always hated you and I still do  
You'll never feel my chumps my superman costume (sniff)  
Doesn't even fit you they don't feel you  
You taking this shit too far (sniff)  
Who do you think you are hang my suit up in the armoir  
Everyday I hate you more and more  
Throw down the cardboard  
Lets break down you think your hardcore  
  
[Chorus]

[Lotto]  
[Spoken]  
Yo, it's time to get rid of this coward once and for all.  
I'm sick of the motha fucka! Check this shit out!  
[Rap]  
I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me!  
This shit is a horror flick,  
But the black guy doesn't die in this movie!  
Fuckin' wit Lotto, dawg, you gotta be kiddin!  
That makes me believe you really don't have a interest in livin!  
You think these niggas gonna feel the shit you say?  
I got a betta chance joining the kkk.  
Or some real shit, though, I like you  
That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit sucide to  
fuck 'Lotto, ' call me your leader  
I feel bad I gotta murder that dude from "Leave It To Beaver"  
I used to like that show, now you got me to "fight back" mode  
But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go!  
I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last  
So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass  
And all's well that ends well, ok?  
So I'll end this shit wit a "FUCK you, but have a nice day!"  
  
[Eminem]  
Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver  
So was Eddie Haskal, Wally, and Ms. Cleaver  
This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid!  
Quick, someone get his ass another steriod!  
"Blahbity bloo blah blah blahbity bloo blah!"  
I ain't hear a word you said, "hipidy hooblah!"  
Is that a tank top, or a new bra?  
Look, Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boob job!  
Didn't you listen to the last round, meat head?  
Pay attention, you're sayin the same shit that he said!  
Matter fact, dog, here's a pencil  
Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful,  
And don't come back until something dope hits you  
fuck it! You can take the mike home with you!  
Lookin' like a cyclone hit you,  
Tank top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!"  
You see how far those white jokes get you  
Boy's like "How Vanilla Ice gonna diss you?"  
My motto: fuck Lotto!  
I get the 7 digits from your mother for a dolla tomorrow!

Now everybody from the 313  
Put your mothefucking hands up and follow me  
Everybody from the 313  
Put your mothefucking hands up  
Look Look  
  
Now while he stands tough  
Notice that this man did not have his hands up  
This free world got you gased up  
Now who's afraid of the big bad wolf  
  
1, 2, 3 and to the 4  
1 pac, 2 pac, 3 pac, 4  
4 pac, 3 pac, 2 pac, 1  
You're pac, he's pac, no pacs, none  
  
This guy aint no mother-fuckin mc,  
I know everything he's got to say against me,  
I am white, I am a fuckin bum, I do live in a trailer with my mom,  
My boy Future is an Uncle Tom.  
I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob who shoots  
Himself in the leg with his own gun,  
I did get jumped by all 6 of you chumps  
And yes, Wink did fuck my girl,  
I'm still standin here screamin "FUCK THE FREE WORLD!"  
Don't ever try to judge me dude  
You don't know what the fuck I've been through  
  
But I know something about you  
You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school  
What's the matter dawg? You embarrased?  
This guy's a gangster, he's real name's Clarence  
  
And Clarence lives at home with both parents  
And Clarence's parents have a real good marriage  
This guy don't wanna battle, He's shook  
'Cause there no such things as half-way crooks  
He's scared to death  
He's scared to look in his fuckin yearbook, fuck Cranbrook  
  
Fuck the beat, I go acapella  
Fuck a papa doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer, fuck everybody  
Fuck y'all if you doubt me  
I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly  
And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outty,  
Here, tell these people something they don't know about me.

(Kill, kill, kill)  
(Kill, kill, kill  
(Kill, kill, kill)  
  
[Chorus]  
Mentally ill from Amityville (I'll)  
Accidentally kill your family still  
Thinkin' he won't? God-damnit he will (He's)  
Mentally ill from Amityville  
  
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted  
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick  
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit  
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit  
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers  
Hash whiskey and ash til I slap bitches  
Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years  
Mash with me you'll get in imagine this  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat  
Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope?  
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me  
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity  
And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak  
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was 'sleep  
Pissy-drunk, throwin up in the urinal (you fuckin' homo'!)  
That's what I said at my dad's funeral  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fuckin' idiots still (still)  
That's why the first motherfucker poppin' some shit he gets killed (killed)  
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville ('Ville)  
You can get capped after just havin' a cavity filled (filled)  
That's why we're crowned the murder capital still (still)  
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger Hill! (Hill!)  
We don't do drive-by's, we park in front of houses and shoot  
And when the police come we fuckin' shoot it out with them too!  
That's the mentality here (here) that's the reality here (here)  
Did I just hear somebody say they wanna challenge me here? (huh?)  
While I'm holdin' a pistol with this many calibers here? (here??)  
Plus some registration that just made this shit valid this year? (year?)  
'Cause once I snap I can't be held accountable for my actions  
That's when accidents happen,  
When a thousand bullets come at your house  
And collapse the foundation around you and they found you  
And your family in it (Ah!)  
God dammit, he meant it when he told you!  
  
[Chorus: x2]

[Police voice]  
Attention all units, attention all units  
We have an All Points Bulletin out on a man with green hair  
I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair  
He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife  
Proceed with caution, watch your back fella's  
He could be coming at your girlfriend next  
  
Verse 1]  
There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward  
His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward  
He'll stab you with a sword don't be fooled by his charm  
He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm  
Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair  
Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there  
He's has a mean stare but usually crack's jokes  
Good luck on your mission and guard your backs folks  
  
[Chorus]  
I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Stay away from him he ain't no good!  
  
[Verse 2]  
We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed  
Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms  
Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors  
Locking down every block and put up metal detectors  
Protectors and be sure that you stand close  
Watch each others backs and guard your command post  
And most of all be advised that he's wise  
He could be disguised as one of your very own guys  
  
[Chorus]  
I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Stay away from him he ain't no good!  
  
[Verse 3]  
I'm on a solo mission to find him personally  
To settle the score and beat then him mercifully  
For what he first did to me  
It's sure to be the last  
Following footprints with a magnifying glass  
To drag his lying ass back to his padded cell  
I'm mad as hell, on the trail of the tattle tail  
I heard a yell the voice sounded familiar  
"Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya"  
  
[Chorus]  
I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Stay away from him he ain't no good!  
  
[Verse 4]  
I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps  
Sneezing at dust, and swinging at the spider-webs  
Inside the depths of his basement  
I taste lint in my mouth, then the lights in the place? went!  
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes  
I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs  
None of my guys knew where I'm at I was doomed  
Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume  
  
[Chorus]  
I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Stay away from him he ain't no good!  
  
[Verse 5]  
Dealing with backstabber's there was one thing I learned  
They're only powerful when you got your back turned  
I yearned for the day that we finally met again  
So I can give him a taste of his own medicine  
He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean  
I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen  
Cut him at the seam then dragged the fella home  
Beating him over the head with the telephone  
  
[Police voice]  
Attention all cars, attention all cars  
Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect  
He's going back to the crazy home, I repeat  
He's going back to the crazy home, how about that?  
  
[Chorus: x 3]  
I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Hit a bitch snake from the back, I make you think you're a best friend then  
Why I oughtta  
Stay away from him he ain't no good!

Oh! It's music to my ears, Oh man!  
How can I describe, the way I feel?  
Fuckin great man! Okay, let me see  
How could I begin  
  
Locked in Mariah's wine cellar all I had for lunch,  
Was red wine, more red wine, and Captain Crunch,  
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch,  
And to soak it up and in between snack, crackers to munch,  
Mariah, what's ever happened to us, why did we have to break up,  
All I asked for was a glass of punch,  
You see, I never really ask for much,  
I can't imagine what's going through your mind after such,  
A nasty breakup with that Latin hunk,  
Weisman Gale, Nick Cannon better back the fuck up,  
I'm not playin, I want to bag ya punk,  
This is Hello Kitty bedspread satin funk,  
Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rappin pump,  
Zappin Eric Clapton, (Shaft?), Frank Zappa crunk,  
And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya,  
You can beat me with any spatula thatcha want,  
I mean I really want you bad you cunt,  
Nick you had your fun,  
I've come to kick you in your sack of junk,  
Man I could use a fresh batch of blood,  
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupunc-ture  
  
[Chorus]  
Bagpipes from Baghdad  
When will it ever cease, for Pete's sake he's crazy, to say the least  
Bagpipes from Baghdad  
What's going through my mind half the time, when I rhyme, while blowing on my  
Bagpipes from Baghdad  
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on, 'cause I'm gone, blowing on my  
Bagpipes from Baghdad  
I run the streets and act like a madman, holding a glad-,  
  
You can be a permanent fixture,  
In my lyrical mixture,  
I'm the miracle whit trixter,  
My sig-nature sound, when the tube of lipstick's around,  
I'm bound to put on in an instant, wow  
Man what an ensemble, what an assortment of pharma-  
Ceuticals, it's beautiful, pill dust in my palm, my  
Cuticles get residue just from touching the bottle,  
Never knew I could remind me so much of my mama,  
I'll cut you like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya,  
The size of a sword boy, I'm like a fucken Red Sonia,  
Get it stuck in your cornea,  
Nice knowin ya Norman,  
You're so fuckin' annoyin,  
Drop the shovel boy, you don't know what the fuck ya doin',  
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more,  
Nick Cannon you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin whore,  
Every minute there's a sucker born,  
Snuck up on Malachai and made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn,  
Shuck of, shuck of corn, shuck of corn,  
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck and told him it's fucken on,  
What the fuck are you doin',  
You're runnin' over the snow blower,  
With the lawnmower, blow on your  
Bagpipes from Baghdad  
  
[Chorus]  
  
In the bed with two braindead lesbian vegetables,  
I bet you they become heterosexual,  
Nothing will stop me from molesting you,  
Tittyfucking you til your breasticle  
Flesh, tickles my testicles,  
Is what they said to the two conjoined twins,  
How's it going girlfriends, you need a boyfriend,  
You need some ointment, just make an appointment,  
Who's gonna see the doctor first, we'll do a coin flip  
I just got my one year sobriety coin chip,  
When the bad get going, how bad does the going get  
Baby you shouldn't have any trouble rubbing groins wit  
Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip,  
I'm going to get the needle, new thread from the sewing kit,  
An attempt to seperate em and stitch em back at the loin shit,  
Lured the little boy with the chocolate chips ahoy chip  
Cookie, lookie even took me a polaroid, bitch  
  
[Chorus]  
  
(Vocoder) Hum-de-lay-le-lah-aaahhhhhhh (X4)

[Dj scratching] - "Do it!"  
  
[Eminem]  
  
Sneakin in through the back door, fruity mc's get ambushed  
Rammed and squooshed, slammed and pushed, crammed and mushed  
Then I'm movin on down from the right to left  
So bite the meth or prepare to fight to death  
To get jacked, attacked and cracked in two  
Smackin through 'til you're black and blue for actin true  
I'm dreaded like a man whose hair is all strands  
Proof that I be sniffin on aerosol cans  
I'm stompin, I'm kickin, I'm chokin, I'm stampin em  
Clompin em, stickin, and pokin and clampin em  
To electric chairs and tightenin bolts  
Hit em with frightening jolts of lightning bolts  
I'm zappin, rappers, singers, and dancers  
Faster than you could snap your figures for ransom  
Cancer is in the flesh, alive and breathin  
Survivin by connivin and theivin  
  
[Dj scratching] - "Do it!", "Eat em up"  
  
[Eminem]  
  
I had a dream I was gettin jacked by biters  
It felt like I was bein attacked by spiders  
Developin a fear of biterphobia  
I'm holdin a gas can and lighter over ya  
If I detect ya, I'ma pulverize  
Dissect your brain, diggin in your skull for lies  
And I'ma torture, with material iller  
Than a stark ravin mad serial killer  
I'm more dangerous than a loaded chamber is  
A major risk to a plagiarist  
So beware of the aura, A terror for the horrible  
Will scare ya tomorrow, is the airbourne assault of the rappers  
Hit the source to better my skills,  
I head for the border  
And run the Galloping Hills, the choice is yours  
Cause now buddy's noises force me to scream til my voice is hoarse  
Cause I'm sick of these jabber jaws and crap that grab at yours and savage
yours to bite like labradors  
In the range of my double-barrel  
And your life is in danger, trouble, and peril  
  
[Dj scratching]  
  
[Eminem]  
  
I trample and stamp liars, like they were campfires  
Cuz vampires right on my balls and clamp pliers  
And swing on my big thingamajig  
So I'm bringin my nig Proof for backup when I sing at my gig  
Cause biters are fallin head over heels  
In love with every rhyme that I've said over reels  
That's how I became paranoid  
Chewin my fingernails, pullin my hair annoyed  
Cause every time you bit it was deliberate  
So I'm forced to hit a little quicker with  
An ultimatum I assault and slayed em  
With rhymes and it's ultimatum just to cultivate em  
Energetic and imaginative,  
Pronouns and verbs, predicates and adjectives  
Will reach out and grab ya, 9 times outta 10  
That's why I'm spilling one of a kind rhymes out a pen  
  
[Dj scratching] - "Everybody walk out the back door"  
  
[Dj scratching to fade]

Yo, check it out, it's fucked up, and I don't see either one of us budging  
  
I'm withholding my anger  
Though I'd like to be the strangler  
Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck  
It's my right to insist  
That he acknowledge my existence  
But he just displays complete lack of respect  
That's what he says to himself  
As he uses magazines to trash me  
As he sits with both feet up at his desk  
Smokes a bag of his weed  
And starts imagining things  
And he just can't see that he's manically depressed  
And in his jealousy and envy  
It just whirls him in a frenzy  
As he turns on MTV and sees my face  
He don't exist in this world  
So he just twists and he twirls  
Spirals and spins till he runs himself in a rage  
And it's destroying him slowly  
'Cause he does not even know me  
Even though he sees me everywhere he goes  
So he just tortures himself  
He has no fortune and wealth  
So he extorts someone else to get his dough  
And now he's acting like a bully  
So he tries to push and pull me  
But he knows that he can't pull me so he's mad  
He has no choice but to scream  
And raise his voice up at me  
'Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared  
  
You ain't no motherfucking (bully)  
And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully)  
I won't allow it, ain't no coward to no (bully)  
I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully)  
Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...)  
  
And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...)  
  
Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies  
No more unfortunately  
There's so many motherfuckers that just are  
They just keep pounding at me  
Now that I'm down with 50  
Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja' [laughter]  
But his ass is such a puppet  
Irv could shove his whole hand up it  
And just make him say what he wants him to say  
But Suge has Irv's on a string  
And Irv's so nervous that he  
Says anything to this man to keep him at bay  
So now Ja thinks that he's so tough  
And Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf  
And they go huff and puff and blow our label down  
But our building's made out of bricks  
So you ain't taking out shit  
I know you just did a song with Bobby Brown  
So now you try to pull a race card  
And it backfires in your face hard  
'cause you know we don't play that black and white shit  
Plus this guy that you fucked  
When you was ecstasied up  
Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch  
  
You must be taking to much (E...)  
  
Now what bothers me the most  
About hip-hop is we so close  
To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac  
We just lost Jam Master J  
Big L got blasted away  
Plus we lost Bugs, Slayed Son, and Freaky Ta  
It's like a never-ending cycle  
That just seems to come full circle  
Everyone's gotta be so fucking hard  
I'm not excluding myself  
'cause I been stupid as well  
I been known to lose it when someone says something smart  
But as we grow as men  
We learn to let shit go, but then again  
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand  
We all got reps to uphold  
When someone steps on our toes  
It's no exception, it goes for every man  
But if Irv really gave a fuck  
About Ja like he claims he does  
He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs  
But he just keeps feeding him pills  
So if that E doesn't kill him  
Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed  
Dawg, I'm talking to you straight  
If the situation escalates  
Any worse, we're gonna lose another soldier to this game  
And if I get killed for this rap  
I got a million in cash  
That says I will get you back in Halie's name  
  
Irvine, get your boy off that (E...)  
  
Get at me, dawg  
Holla

[Scratched sample] - "I'm the man!"  
  
I stand in, by the way as I begin  
Do you know who I am? and may reply with a grin  
Yes, I'm tired of being  
Why should I be secluded, I got a brand new horn to be tooted  
To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?"  
So I find myself in a certain?depligatory?  
A place where I dwell in, for some wonderful productions  
To make up for lost time,  
Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile  
A mental projectile, I aim like a reptile  
I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this  
"Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?"  
Is there a reason for this? the hatred is aggravating  
How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading?  
Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead  
There's so much more to learn, it pages left to be read,  
So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor  
While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor  
Words can weigh a ton  
Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one  
  
[Scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another...  
  
There are few have made an attempt to put a foot on the other side  
But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind  
And some will probably never hold peices of the sacred  
But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred  
The world would never endure to arguing  
Awaking to the abscence of unity is startling  
"Oh foolish pride, what the hell is you tryin to do?  
You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to"  
The outcome we want nothing despicable  
So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable  
You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless and  
You're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this  
Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles  
The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverence of a starchild  
Rest with formidable talent and versatility  
  
But with such a power, there comes a responsibilty  
To infridge on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear  
To form an alliance is something even the giants fear  
So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin  
Refuser abusin it's accepted now it's a trend  
  
[Scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..."  
  
You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along  
You hate me but you know me and what I stand for  
No? so then why do you speak for me  
And every other white man when you that we're your enemy?  
  
On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for  
Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore  
Rarely do you see the lighter side of me  
I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry  
But I've? apologies are exhausted  
Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted  
So who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted  
Switch to the opposite, now see it being re-enacted  
Pull up the? quick,  
These we hate him, these are past us, huh  
Always fighting for the position of top dog  
That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog  
Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine  
But I'm always having to proove myself, time after time  
Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast  
Judged from the past and he's put last  
And bluffing with nothing to say, stutterin and slurrin  
And mutterin words with no meaning, attack me side I'm like Danny Kane  
Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin  
And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please  
I've got a craving  
  
[Scratched sample until end] - "I'm the man"

Tell myself that I was doin' all right  
There's nothin' left to do tonight  
But go crazy on you  
Crazy on you  
  
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh  
Can't you see what you do to me baby,  
You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac  
I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick  
You're truly the only one who can do this to me  
You just make me get so crazy  
I go schizo, I get so insane I just go schizophrenic  
One minute I want to slit your throat the next I want to sex  
You make me crazy  
The way we act like two maniacs in the sack  
We fuck like two jack rabbits and maybe that's a bad habit  
'Cause the next day we right back at it  
In the same exact pattern  
What the fuck is the matter with us  
We can't figure out if it's lust  
Or it's love which that is attractin' us to each other  
They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother  
Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin' bitch  
But I stay and still stick it out with you  
Even though I just hit you today but you deserved it  
You hit me first and provoked me to choke you  
Just 'cause I came home late last night  
Crawled in bed and I woke you  
But if there's one thing about you that I admire  
It's baby, because you stay with me  
Maybe 'cause you're as crazy as I am  
'Cause when I look at you  
I can see an angel in your eyes but if I look deeper inside  
I see a freakish little side, like a devil in disguise  
You're always full of surprises  
Always pullin' devices out your purse, little vibrators and dildos  
You fucked yourself so much you barely feel those anymore  
You're only twenty four but you're plenty more mature  
Than those other little hoes who just act like little girls  
Like they're in middle school still you're crazy, sexy, cool  
Chill you play your position you never step out of line  
Even though I stay in your business  
You've always kept out of mine  
I wonder what's on your mind  
Sometimes they say love is blind  
Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye  
You didn't see the sign  
Or maybe you did maybe you like being shoved  
Maybe cause we're crazy in love  
  
Let me go crazy on you  
Crazy on you  
Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh  
You are the ink to my paper  
What my pen is to my my pad  
The moral, the very fiber  
The whole substance to my rap  
You are my reason for being  
The meaning of my existence  
If it wasn't for you I would never be able to spit this  
As intense as I do, and the irony  
Is you rely on me as much  
As I rely on you to inspire me like you do  
You provide me the lighter fluid the fuel to my fire  
You're my entire supply of gas, the match and igniter  
The only way that I'm able to stay so stable  
Is you're the legs to my table,  
If you were to break I'd fall on my face  
But I'm always gonna make you feel  
I don't need you as much as I really need you  
So you don't use it to your advantage  
But you're essential to me  
You're the air I breathe  
I believe if you ever leave me  
I'd probably have no reason to be  
You are the Kim to my Marshall  
You're the Slim to my Shady  
The Dre to my Eminem  
The Alana to my Hailie  
You are the word that I'm lookin for  
When I'm tryin' to describe how I feel inside  
And the right one just won't come to my mind  
You're like the pillar that props me up  
The beam that supports me  
The bitch who never took half  
The wife who never divorced me  
You're like the root to my evil  
You let my devil come out me  
You let me beat the shit out you before you beat the shit out me  
And no matter how much too much is never enough  
Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love  
  
Let me go crazy on you  
Crazy on you  
Let me go Crazy, crazy on you oh

You can own this city  
You have everything you need  
All it takes is all you got  
Life don't ask you if you're ready or not  
You can own this city  
Deep inside you hold the key  
While the world is fast asleep  
You can take it all if you just dare to dream  
  
Ever since Tony Montana told me that the world is mine  
I started to think positive  
Left the negative behind  
And while the other stars were fast asleep  
I had to rise and shine  
It's funny how I've got a brand new G shock on my wrist  
But I ain't got time to sit and talk about who slept with the most girls  
And who committed the most crime  
One day I had a dream like Martin  
Back when I had a homemade skinframe and a side parting  
They used to make jokes about me  
Now look who's laughing  
I'm sitting at the top of the game  
Love in my heart  
Jme on my chain  
Money on my head  
So it stays on my brain  
Till it turns me insane  
You can own this city  
You have everything you need  
All it takes is all you got  
Life don't ask you if you're ready or not  
You can own this city  
Deep inside you hold the key  
While the world is fast asleep  
You can take it all if you just dare to dream  
  
But I don't wanna spend my whole life sleeping in bed  
I'm tryna make a dream come to life  
I'll sleep when I'm dead  
Time to get down  
Tie my lace up  
Cos I'm about to chase some paper  
And I can blow a hundred fast  
Like Usain Bolt like when he ran for Jamaica  
Me giving up is against the law  
I work hard  
I play more  
I fell in love with my sold out tour  
Sometimes I think some other artists love the after parties more  
Fell victim to the don beat  
So when I'm all counting paper  
Them man are just counting shit  
  
Yeah  
Yeah  
I was the boy in the corner  
Made a transition into a champion  
My discovery was televised  
I'm talking anthem after anthem  
Against all odds  
I made it look a walk in the park  
Now it's a brand new day  
And I'll be doin it again  
It's time for the main attraction  
  
You can own this city  
You have everything you need  
All it takes is all you got  
Life don't ask you if you're ready or not  
You can own this city  
Deep inside you hold the key  
While the world is fast asleep  
You can take it all if you just dare to dream

Fuck an intro man, let's go  
I come around like what goes around.  
What goes up must come down.  
Anyone who comes up must go down.  
Might as well go for the gusto now.  
Better not let up, better not let them breathe.  
Last shot give it all you got.  
Try to turn me down bitch get fucked with the volume nob,  
Fuck all you snobs.  
Hoes I hope all you rot.  
Two bottles of lubriderm and a box of condoms is that all you brought?  
And you wanna manage a trois, you twots?  
Fuck that I'd rather turn this club to a ballroom brawl.  
Get as rowdy as Roesthlisberger in a bathroom stall.  
Like a leaf stuck in a vacuum ya'll ain't nothtin but a whole lot of suckin'
goin' on in rap.  
Yeah but I'm home.  
Bad to the bone, back in the zone  
Let him alone,  
You don't wanna go eggin' him on.  
  
It'll never be my chair that you're on.  
Crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain, no oxygen.  
Otherwords there's no heir to the throne.  
When I die so does hip hop.  
Hitchcock better shit bitch ass gotgot a zip locked in a bag.  
You fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high top.  
Keep blogging while I'm mind boggling my zone, like I'm in the twilight dog
get off my bone this is my mic doggone it I like hogging it.  
  
Flow so wet I'ma take this beat tobogganin.  
I'm water logging it, I'm sogging it.  
Pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it.  
Suplexin it on cement, like I'm on some straight outta compton shit  
Take this dick and chomp on it.  
I'm so bad I can bitch slap a back handed compliment.  
Jackass eat a donkey dick.  
The game I just about conquered, it like Donkey Kong  
I'm bonkers bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit, I reign supreme in this
honkey shit.  
No sense screaming and arguing.  
Makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamers the car you in.  
You think you ball, well I palm it.  
I throw up bombs when I vomit.  
Boy I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelet.  
But you got egg on your face now watch me drop an atomic.  
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze.  
Bitch I'm as bat shit as Ozzy, it's obvious, you can tell I go right off the
bat.  
No pun intended but come any closer I'll bite off your head.  
Tryna give me the fingers kinda like giving a spider the web, I'm just gonna
spin it and try to use it to my advantage.  
I catch a fly in that bitch.  
You think you fly, you just food.  
I give as much of a flying fuck as that superman dude.  
Guess I just do what you can't do or make you look stupid and bamboozled,
confused as usual, and you can get ripped she can open a can too  
But you better hope you can handle the heat, or stay the fuck outta hell's
kitchen  
I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken.  
Yeah, it's Shady slut, the rest can suck on a big one.  
'Cause I'm despicable as daffy duck when I'm spitting.  
(Haha recovery)

[Chorus:]  
Oh, all around the World,  
There's an echo  
As he takes a bow  
And they all know all the girls, the boys  
They chase the noise  
Through the highs and through the lows  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo  
  
[Royce]  
Classical palms  
Battle my own demons  
I need a glass of Patron  
Bad as I need a horn  
Stabbing my clavicle bone  
I'm at it or prone  
First time I seen a dessert eagle  
I was letting the 44 buss  
The 44 pop  
First time you seen one, you was eating coco puffs  
Looking at Robocop  
I'm not a man, I'm a logo, I'm sustain  
In order to clean my things you need saline  
I'm never refering to the solution  
I'm talking about more like the mustang  
Vroom  
Get respect from the get-go, hello  
Set to the echo, pyscho  
Pen got a mind of it's own, gotta write my rhymes with a timer otherwise  
I'll probably vibe out to a nine minute song  
As the echo follows the Maserati  
As the petrol swallows,  
I'm a thousand bodies away from a skeleton  
Check your bible inside it, it will say this guys an elephant  
I'm fly like I'm, killing the scene like I'm a villain with wings  
I'll sleep when I'm 6 feet deep,  
Right now I'm living a dream  
Though we may be reckless  
The ladies check us  
They whisper Shady records  
Baby echo  
  
[Chorus:]  
Oh, all around the World,  
There's an echo  
As he takes a bow  
And they all know all the girls, the boys  
They chase the noise  
Through the highs and through the lows  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo  
  
[Eminem]  
I can hear them calling, calling, calling, calling, calling  
I eat rappers with the rhyme, consume 'em  
The only f-cking thing that you consume is time  
I'm super human, my world is like a Rubiks cube  
It's too complex girl, you assuming, cupids looming  
My mentality's caveman stupid woman  
My life is Truman show, all I have is music hoe  
I stopped chasing every chick under the sun many moons ago  
So pretend my dick is a balloon and blow  
Cause you better put a fork in it if you think I'mma lay here just spooning yo  
Oh you think you the shit 'cause I just said you was beautiful  
Diabolical, till the last molecule, down to my last hair folicle and cuticle  
Rhyming to the call, to the [?] all the way down to my sock and the hair on my
toe  
Learn how to sew, so shut my own booty hole  
Cause I aint took no sh-t since I looked down to my nuts and saw my first
pubic grow  
I told these stupid hoes when I come back I'mma set this bitch on fire  
And this time I mean Imma pour gasoline on some chick and light her  
Cause this time muthaf-ckers I'm put my whole God-damn dick inside her  
I aint even put my tip in that hoe yet  
Ima go get tip and try to rip it wider  
  
[Chorus:]  
Oh, all around the World,  
There's an echo  
As he takes a bow  
And they all know all the girls, the boys  
They chase the noise  
Through the highs and through the lows  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo  
They will follow the echo, echo, echo, echo

Yo Paul  
It's Em  
I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing  
And I know he's not thrilled about the video  
What, does he want to be startin' somethin'  
I'll show him who's really bad (burp!)  
Paul the way you make me feel with these calls  
You should take a look at the man in  
The mirror and tell him to beat it 'cause  
I won't stop 'till I get enough  
Do you remember the time  
We were watching the "Billie Jean" Video?  
Well he'll always be that Michael to me  
And it doesn't matter if he's black or white  
'Cause I can't stop loving him and I,  
Hate plastic surgeons and I hope they all fucking  
Die  
How do you like that?  
I like  
I like him a lot  
I want to touch him  
But I can't  
Excuse me I'm taking a shit, sorry  
But anyways call me back I have an idea about  
How I want to end the show  
So page me when you get this message, fucker  
Oh and by the way and no I don't have a new gun  
God dammit

Yo! Turn that click off...  
  
My music is soothing  
But it's also been provin  
That it can put you in the mood to  
Jump out your car while it's movin  
You been waitin' on this moment  
My sermon is like a omen  
I'm servin' I'm Erick Sermon  
I saw the window was open  
And I jumped through it  
My shit if you don't get pumped to it  
I quit, here's my rhyme book  
Go ahead and thumb through it  
And pick what you want from it  
Rummage, and find something  
You can use to jump someone  
And roll up bumpin  
I'm constantly copin' over you  
Squattin', shit has gotten to the point  
Where I ain't even writin' no more, I'm just jottin'  
This is chicken scratch, shit is sickenin'  
I've been kickin' ass off bullshit  
Throwaway rhymes, pick a batch  
I live for the love of rap, you crazy  
I've made beats for Jay-Z for free  
Page me, you need a beat, you Cannabis  
Then it's Dre's fee, you Kay Slay the fees waved  
I stay beefin' with jd, till the day Dre 2-ways me  
That it's okay to stop blazin' him  
Oops! I put it out, I apologize now  
It's too late G, it's on tape  
And the tape leaped, "Say What You Say" mothafucka  
Drama King, Kay Slay, mothafucka, We dictate these mixtapes mothafucka  
Xzibit blaze little gay midget cocksucka

Met a retarted kid named Greg, with a wooden leg  
Snatched it off and beat him over the head with a peg  
Go to bed with a keg, wake up with a forty  
Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44-D  
Forget an acid tab I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead  
Wait until it absorbed and fell to the floor dead  
No more said case closed end of discussion  
We blowing up like spontaneous human combustion  
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and dramas  
Cross the bombest  
We blowing up your house  
Killing your parents and coming back to get your foster mommas  
I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nastradamus  
Cause I ain't making no more threats  
I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes  
On Vietnam war vets  
I am more or less sick in the head  
Maybe more  
Because I smoked crack today, yesterday,  
And the day before Sabateur  
Walk the block with a labrador  
Strapped with more straps than El Salvador  
Foul style galore  
Verbal cow manure  
Coming together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure

Lord please forgive for what I do  
For I know not what I've done.  
  
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do,  
I just never had the chance to ever meet You,  
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be,  
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds  
  
Mama had a baby and its head popped off  
(head popped off)  
(head popped off)  
(head popped off)  
(head popped off)  
(head popped off)  
But mama don't want me the next thing I know I'm gettin' dropped off  
(getting dropped off)  
(getting dropped off)  
(getting dropped off)  
(getting dropped off)  
Ring, ring, ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors on their front
porch  
(Their front porch)  
(Their front porch)  
(Their front porch)  
(Their front porch)  
But they didn't want me neither so they left me on someone else's lawn  
(Else's lawn)  
(Else's lawn)  
(Else's lawn)  
Til' someone finally took me in my great aunt and uncle Edna and Charles  
(Edna and Charles)  
(Edna and Charles)  
(Edna and Charles)  
They were the ones who were left in charge  
My elementary they'd gang up on me and sing this song  
(Sing this song)  
(Sing this song)  
(Sing this song)  
It went a little something like  
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb,  
Debbie had a Satan spawn Satan spawn  
Mama why do they keep saying this I just don't understand understand  
And by the way where's my dad?!  
  
[Chorus]  
Father please forgive me for I know not what I do  
I just never had the chance to ever meet you  
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be  
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds  
  
Predominately, predominately, everything's always predominately  
Predominately-white, predominately-black, well what about me?  
Where does that leave me?  
Well I guess that I'm between predominately both of em'  
I think if I hear that fuckin' word again I'm a scream  
While I'm projectile vomiting.  
What do I look like a Comedian to you?  
Do you think that I?m kidding?  
What do I look like some kinda idiot?  
Wait a minute shit, don?t answer that  
Why am I so misunderstood?  
Why do I go through so much bullshit  
It's such Bullshit it's tush mull bish  
Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again  
Whining about his millions  
And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drowning in  
And the dad that he never had,  
And how his childhood was so bad  
And how his mom was a dope addict  
And his ex-wife how they go at it man  
I'd hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers  
Claims he had it, I can't imagine it  
That little rich poor white bastard  
Needs to take some of that cash out of the bank  
And take a bath in it  
Man if I only had half of it,  
Shit if you only knew the half of it?  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds  
Please release me from these demons I never  
Had any of this shit planned Mom please believe  
I don't wanna be Satans spawn, never got the chance to say I'm sorry  
Now look at all the pain I caused  
Dear Santa-Clause why are you not coming this year again  
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?  
Everything could have been So perfect but life ain't a fairy tale.  
I'm about to be hoisted up in the air  
Forty feet below me there's people everywhere  
I don't even know but who feel like they know me 'cause I'm in this Ferris
wheel  
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hallie on the carousel  
Without this crowd everywhere I go but life is like a merry-go-round  
Here we go now do-si-do now curtains up the show must go on now  
Ring-around-the-rosie the show's over you can all go home now  
But the curtain just don't close for me  
This ain't how fame was supposed to be  
Where's the switch I can just turn off-and-on this ain't what I chose to be  
So please God give me the strength  
To have what it takes to carry on  
'Til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Ooh!  
Last one baby  
Lets Go  
Detroit!

Risin' up, back on the street  
Did my time, took my chances  
Went the distance now I'm back on my feet  
Just a man and his will to survive  
So many times it happens too fast  
You trade your passion for glory  
Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past  
You must fight just to keep them alive  
  
It's the eye of the tiger  
It's the thrill of the fight  
Rising up to the challenge of our rival  
And the last known survivor  
Stalks his prey in the night  
And he's watching us all  
With the eye of the tiger  
  
Face to face, out in the heat  
Hangin' tough, stayin' hungry  
They stack the odds still we take to the street  
For the kill, with the skill to survive  
  
It's the eye of the tiger  
It's the thrill of the fight  
Rising up to the challenge of our rival  
And the last known survivor  
Stalks his prey in the night  
And he's watching us all  
With the eye of the tiger  
  
Risin' up, straight to the top  
Had the guts, got the glory  
Went the distance, now I'm not gonna stop  
Just a man and his will to survive  
It's the eye of the tiger  
It's the thrill of the fight  
Rising up to the challenge of our rival  
And the last known survivor  
Stalks his prey in the night  
And he's watching us all  
With the eye of the tiger  
The eye of the tiger  
The eye of the tiger  
The eye of the tiger

Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)  
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)  
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)  
I am, I'm going to cum  
I'm cumming (oh yeah)  
  
I never seen no shit like this,  
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist  
Condom on my dick of course it is,  
This bitch don't know what abortion is  
So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna,  
Fack I'm gonna,  
Cum I think my rubbers comin' off,  
But oh its so fuckin' wet and soft,  
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off  
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off,  
And she's on top, I'm gonna fackin', oh god,  
Oh don't do that, don't, stop  
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop!  
Ow wait a minute, ow ow fuck I, I'm gonna fuckin' cam!  
  
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)  
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)  
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)  
I am, I'm going to cum  
I'm cumming (oh yeah)  
  
Oh wow, boo that pow, ooh ow I need a cigarette now!  
Oh I'm so fucking hot, and you're so fucking hot,  
Oh my god, I wanna fackin' fack  
No not fuck, I said fack ,  
F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me!  
Oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr freaky,  
Let's call your sister 3-way, have some threesome, me so horny  
And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fuck you shave!  
Ohh god damn, here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am!  
  
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)  
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)  
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)  
I am, I'm going to cum  
I'm cumming (oh yeah)  
  
OK I'm done, I already came twice,  
You ain't gonna make me cam,  
I'm all outta gas, not so fast! uh your finger just went in my ass!  
Ow that hurts! take it out now  
Oh wait a minute oww put it back in, in in in  
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men  
I like boobs, boobs, boobs, now see that gerbil, grab that tube,  
Shove it up my butt,  
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh,  
Yeah, right there, right there,  
Ah I'm coming ah yeah,  
Fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now,  
Oh fuck yeah, wait he's not out he's still crawling around up there,  
Ow fuck I think it's stuck  
Oh but it feels so fackin' good!  
  
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)  
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)  
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)  
I am, I'm going to cum  
I'm cumming (oh yeah)  
  
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube  
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube  
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube  
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube  
Ew ew ew ew

In Love I just wanna hold my baby high above  
I want this hand in it's rightful glove  
Have people saying god damn she's fine  
Me responding with damn right she's mine  
Even though your gone, I try and carry on  
Its sad but it's true, me and you  
Were through  
But people still think they know us and they don't know shit  
But I want you to know I'm sorry and I still love you britt  
But now I've come to see, our destiny will never fit  
And that's why now I look back being once lost then found  
Its getting tougher with you not around  
Your the only thing that got me to smile  
I guess our love was a truthful denile  
Sometimes I remenice at what we had  
Not knowin I was causing my baby to be sad  
I never once tried to cause you this pain  
Its crazy how one person can make you go insane  
Ill admit me and you we had our bad times  
We fought, yea but people act like it's a fuckin crime  
No couples perfect, everyone faces bullshit  
All I ever tried was to show you I loved you britt  
But it's sad cause the image I portray the pieces don't fit  
All this time how could it be, my destiny will never be you and me  
But I wish people could see, how much I'm so crazy  
In love with you, it's true I wish it was still me and you  
Doin what we use to do, I wish they really knew  
And I wish theyd know I'd never let anything bad happend to you  
I got your back to the fullest, baby nems one to stay truest  
But times were tough, and shit got rough  
Every other day same shit breakin up and we fought  
But just know britt my rhymes are true  
Britt please know I'll forever Love you  
It just sucks cause there's a few out there that got Nems back  
People always tellin me get your fuckin life on track  
But in order to do that I need you back  
And that's why you don't know what you got till it's gone  
I'm so sorry that our love was always off and on....

My name is... Some kind like...  
I'm... When you can't sleep and you're still up,  
I get the ball and I'm like... You can't get a...  
You probably got strip... No reason to trip  
I grab like... I smile like John... Come on I'm hard...  
... No loss to...  
... Ain't doing it ain't pursuing no lawsuits  
I ain't suing, I know what I'm doing  
Give you the ball and your life is ruined  
I'm like Rasheed I remind me the spirit of Proof  
I'm happy go lucky  
Balling and grooving  
I'm on the move  
I'm smooth with it  
Give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it  
Shoot it in the basket your other team needs a casket  
Lebron saying, don't respond  
There's no back and forth  
This game is little man  
I play aloud and walk away just to shush the crowd  
You trying to touch? Sit down  
  
... Homie that get ugly this is...  
Man I don't think you ready  
I get the crowd rolled up  
Like a you-Haul truck just call me...  
Ain't too... I live you to...  
Man I love this game who the hell you called up,  
You need points on the paint, I'm...  
All my... On the bank and I'm...  
Yeah baby it's true, I'm talking to you  
You already know what to do  
Just pass to me, it just so happens to be  
That I... So... You ain't convinced  
Give it to... Prince we haven't stayed calm since  
Need the ball...  
  
... Homie that get ugly this is...  
Man I don't think you ready  
I said we get everybody the ball...  
I said ahh give me the ball...  
You ain't missing it  
... Basketball Homie, hey yo...

Here it go  
See this is the part I was worried about  
Everybody thinks that my career was down the tubes  
And I must be in some dusty garage  
Inhalin' the carbon monoxide fumes  
And everyone's tellin' me what I should do and how I should come out or what
to rap about  
And I know that I got a lot up in my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out  
And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off  
They're probably gonna think that I'm comin' off as cocky  
Like I just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me: worship:  
See the thing about me, is you don't really know a thing about me  
Everyone's makin' a stink about me  
Like it's some kind of a aura of that up that came around me  
Surround me with nothin' but gangsters, killers and bangers

What would it take to push a man,  
Far enough to put somethin material over a human life?  
What would drive someone completely over the edge  
To do some shit like that? the green and gold.  
  
I done filled my lungs up  
With so much of this crack smoke  
My necks bloated, my techs loaded,  
I'm flat broke, and I'm pissed off,  
Mad at the world I've had it with girls  
And I'm frustrated, ran to the bus stop,  
Just made it and hopped on  
Ready to drop bombs on the first person who had a nice suit and a watch on  
I spot JOHN a white collar worker  
In clean cut, walked up to em  
He was like what? whatchu mean what? you know what time it is man  
At your next stop gimme that Rolex watch with that diamond wrist band.  
Got his green and his gold dashed it climbed in his van to steal it and seen  
A man holdin' a nine and then  
Shot him from the bottom up  
Stole his keys, put em inside the ignition and got em stuck,  
Hopped out to flee on my feet,  
Fucked around, forgot that I left my ID on the seat

Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old.  
Fed up with life and the way things are going,  
He decides to rob a liquor store.  
("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes")  
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart.  
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play  
("Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this")  
  
Alright, stop! (Huh?)  
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store  
And try to get money out the drawer  
You better think of the consequence (But who are you?)  
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience  
  
That's nonsense!  
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs  
And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blonde wigs  
Tell her you need a place to stay  
You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with Renee's razor blade  
  
Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to  
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you  
Think about it before you walk in the door first  
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns  
  
Fuck that! Do that shit! Shoot that bitch!  
Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich?  
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch?  
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids?  
  
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it! (You're right!)  
Not over this shit (Stop!)  
Drop the biscuit (I will!)  
Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you  
(You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude)  
  
("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute")  
("Mm, I don't know!")  
("Look baby")  
("Damn!")  
("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?")  
("Well OK")  
  
Meet Stan, twenty-one years old. ("Give me a kiss!")  
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,  
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.  
Once again, his conscience comes into play ("Shit!")  
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek  
And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink  
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe  
(Yo! This girl's only fifteen years old  
You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair)  
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? (Uh huh!)  
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare  
Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there  
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kid")  
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!  
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)  
Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail  
Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker.  
After coming home from a hard day's work,  
He walks in the door of his trailer park home  
To find his wife in bed with another man.  
("What the fuck!")  
("Grady!")  
  
Alright calm down, relax, start breathin'  
Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin'  
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off?  
Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitches head off!  
Wait! What if there's an explanation for this shit?  
(What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?)  
Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady  
But think about the baby before you get all crazy  
Okay! Thought about it, still wanna stab her?  
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her?  
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard  
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?  
What you say? (What's wrong?  
Didn't think I'd remember?)  
I'm a kill you motherfucker!  
Uh-ah! Temper temper!  
  
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.?  
Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way?  
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?  
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went  
Been there, done that, aw fuck it  
What am I sayin'?  
Shoot em both Grady, where's your gun at?

[Eminem]  
Yo, Slim Shady!  
Yo, I'll fuckin, I'll  
I'll puke, eat it, and freak you (eww)  
Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to  
The only key that I see to defeat you  
Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you  
And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe  
I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse  
You'll think I pulled the fuckin' ground out from underneath you  
(Bitch!) I ain't no fuckin' G, I'm a cannibal  
I ain't tryin' to shoot you,  
I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you  
Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass  
And have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin' mattress  
Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers (ahhh!)  
Fuck the planet, until it spins on a broken axis  
I'm so bananas I'm showin' up to your open casket  
To fill it full of explosive gasses  
And close it back with a lit match in it  
While I sit back and just hope it catches  
Blow you to fragments  
Laugh, roll you and smoke the ashes  
  
[Chorus:Repeat x2]  
  
I see the light at the end  
But every time I take a step, it gets dim  
Tell me is this hell we're livin in?  
If so, heaven's got to be better  
But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down  
  
[J-Black]  
Am I the worst? Because I, never go to church (never)  
I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse  
I'ma drink 'til my liver rot, see the doc  
Leave the E.R., then hit a bar for a liquor shot, 'til the liver spot  
One day we all gon' die  
But when I die, I'ma be so high  
That I'ma get up and walk, leavin the concrete bare  
With the chalk outline still there  
I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot  
I got a cross on my chain but it's just a rock  
Now if I pray every night (night)  
Do I still have to hold my trey very tight?  
You feel me God? I done did so much shit while on Earth  
I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse  
I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse  
Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk  
See me at the pearly gates in line, wearin a Nordface  
Nickel nine at my waist, God done lost faith  
Angels greet me but I don't reply back  
Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at?  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[Masta Ace]  
Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso  
Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso  
And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger  
Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger  
I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound  
And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds  
My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger  
Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her  
Ten blocks, untie the bitch and I still bag her  
Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager  
My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel  
My flows spill like usin the wrong end of a funnel  
Everyday I grow more older, and more colder  
Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a Boulder  
I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare  
Cause you fuckin with some niggaz like this who just don't care  
  
(Chorus:Repeat x2)  
  
But every time I take a step it gets dim, tell me is this hell we're livin in

Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself (myself)  
My name is Shaaady  
So nice to meet you (So nice to meet you)  
It's been a long time (long time) sorry I've been away so long (So long)  
My name is Shaaady  
I never meant to leave you (Never meant to leave you)  
  
Yea  
  
You see that chick in the gym checkin' me out?  
Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth  
I lose a pill and I'm wrecklessly wreckin' the house  
That was supposed to be breakfast where the heck is it now?  
Here's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse  
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out  
Nope, guess I'll re-route  
Maybe somewhere in the depths of your couch  
Oh! Jackpot! Yea, 'open sesame' mouth  
Down the hatchet, the feelin' you can't match it  
I rap-tap-tap on your door with a damn ratchet  
I tac-tac-tacin' the whore with the damn hatchet  
I nap-sack-pack with like forty some Xanaxes  
Shorty come back, I'm tryin' to score me some lap dancers  
I'm 'bout to relapse so baby pour me some Jack Daniels  
Formula forty-four and forty's with mad capsules  
The bad apple spoils the bunch and back at-ya  
  
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
And are you menstruating baby my little friend's waitin' to say hello  
The way your titties are wiggling and your booty shakin' like Jell-O  
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
  
Yea  
  
My equilibrium's off, must be the Lithium  
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people give me 'em  
It just becomes everyday extracurricular  
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun  
A fifth of rum and two bottles of one fifty one  
Fifty one people asleep in my damn livin' room  
'Scuse me hun, but what was your name, Vivian?  
I woke up next to you naked and uh, did we umm?  
Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy hun?  
I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there doesn't seem to be one  
No offense baby girl I don't mean any harm  
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from  
I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run  
like Speedy Gonzales to see if I see anyone  
Who might have a couple of threes, I'm fiendin' for some  
My head is poundin' to the beat of the drum  
  
Umm  
  
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?  
So I'm hopin' that some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow  
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
  
Oh, Those were the days they certainly were  
It's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin' the curtain for good  
(Word-word, chi-word-word, chi-word-chi-chi-word)  
I second that and a third, rush to emergency surgery  
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased  
He no longer gettin' the three hundred bucks for these Perk-idans  
Buster's gettin' to be where he lustfully surged it in  
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles 'be hurtin' him'  
Childishly on the phone tryin' to rustle up  
Muscle relaxers for his back and a couple of Paxils  
Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumblin' back  
Slipped and fell hit his backbone heard somethin' go crack  
Now he's up in the bathroom like he's bustin' a nap  
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact  
I'm just bustin' my own chops while I'm bustin' a rap  
Resuscitated and re-juiced so fuck it' I'm back  
  
Well I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?  
So I'm hopin' that some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow  
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello  
  
So I'm sayin  
Hello (Hello) allow me to introduce myself (myself)  
My name is Shaaady  
So nice to meet you (So nice to meet you)  
It's been a long time (long time) sorry I've been away so long (So long)  
My name is Shaaady  
I never meant to leave you (Never meant to leave you)

[Chorus]  
Wrap me in a bolt of lightning  
Send me on my way still smiling  
Maybe that's the way I should go,  
Straight into the mouth of the unknown  
I left the spare key on the table  
Never really thought I'd be able to say  
I merely visit on the weekends  
I lost my whole life and a dear friend  
  
I've said it so many times  
I would change my ways  
No, nevermind  
God knows I've tried  
  
Call me a sinner, call me a saint  
Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same  
Call me your favorite, call me the worst  
Tell me it's over I don't want you to hurt  
It's all that I can say. So, I'll be on my way  
[Verse]  
Eminem:  
  
I got a letter from a girl  
Let me read it to you, goes like this  
  
Dear old rab my name is ashlee  
I'm writing to you 'cuz I'm hurt  
When people laughing at me  
  
I get made fun of  
All the time at school  
They call me fat worthless  
School is so cruel  
I hate when lunch time comes  
Coz' I sit alone  
I sit there with tears on my face  
Praying to go home  
But why go home?  
All I do there is cut my wrist  
Parents don't care that I do this shit  
No one loves me it's like  
I'm a piece of trash  
I don't get why god had to make me this fat  
No one would ever care  
If I took my life  
Everynight I get closer to the knife  
And I have to say this all sound about right  
I totally understand if you don't reply  
I just need someone to talk to  
And you seem to be a nice guy  
Believe me or not but your music  
Really helps me  
  
Call me a sinner, call me a saint  
Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same  
Call me your favorite, call me the worst  
Tell me it's over I don't want you to hurt  
It's all that I can say. So, I'll be on my way  
  
Eminem:  
  
First off I just wanna say thanks for writing to me  
Your story grabbed my heart as you can see  
They will stop soon just keep fighting  
Believe it or not we been in the same position  
But no one would help me either  
Either I should of listened  
But I promise we all have a vision  
We are here for a reason don't you forget that  
Pulled what's the matter whatcha become  
And let that face you your way to young  
If we could rebound stay strong  
Whenever your hurt just play this song  
Damn I get so mad  
So who are they to judge?  
There is to much hate  
Where is the frickin love  
Kiss these days just try to deguise it  
But not bring em back  
It's just lost now I wanna find it  
I wanna stop all this bullying shit  
Cuz all it's doing is putting innocent peoples lives at risk  
You wont a girl dead what's the point in all this!  
  
I finally put it all together,  
But nothing really lasts forever  
I had to make a choice that was not mine,  
I had to say goodbye for the last time  
I kept my whole life in suitcase,  
Never really stayed in one place  
Maybe that's the way it should be,  
You know I've led my life like a gypsy  
  
I've said it so many times  
I would change my ways  
No, nevermind  
God knows I've tried  
  
Call me a sinner, call me a saint  
Tell me it's over I'll still love you the same  
Call me your favorite, call me the worst  
Tell me it's over I don't want you to hurt  
It's all that I can say. So, I'll be on my way

Who came through with two glocks to terrorize your borough (huh?)  
Told you how to slap dicks and murder your girl (I did!)  
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl  
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"  
(I'm Slim Shady) so come and kill me while my name's hot  
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)  
I think I got a generation brainwashed  
To pop pills and smoke pot 'til they brains rot (uh-oh)  
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot  
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch  
Purple haze and acid raindrops  
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)  
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top  
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop  
You gotta make 'em fear you 'fore you make 'em feel you  
So everybody buy my shit or I'm a come and kill you  
  
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets  
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free  
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin  
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!  
  
I like happy things,  
I'm really calm and peaceful (uh-huh huh)  
I like birds, bees, I like people  
I like funny things  
That make me happy and gleeful (he he he)  
Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool (Woo!)  
The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike  
While I blow my brain out, just to see what it feels like  
'Cause this is how I am in real life (mm-hm)  
I don't want to just die a normal death, I wanna be killed twice (uh-huh)  
  
How you gonna scare somebody with a gun threat  
When they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet (Huh?)  
So bring the money by tonight, cause your wife  
Said this the biggest knife she ever saw in her life (Help me! Help me!)  
I try to keep it positive and play it cool  
Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school (Stay in school!)  
'Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better  
Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck you letter  
  
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets  
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free  
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin  
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!  
  
I listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it  
(Aw that shit is wack!)  
Six months later you hear your lyrics on my shit  
(What? That's my shit!)  
People don't buy shit no more they just dub it  
That's why I'm still broke and had the number one club hit (Yup, uh huh)  
But they love it when you make your business public  
So fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (uh-huh)  
And if I told you I had aid y'all would play it  
'Cause you stupid motherfuckers think I'm playin' when I say it  
Well, I do take pills, don't do speed  
Don't do crack (uh-uh) don't do coke, I do smoke weed (uh-huh)  
Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (yup)  
I just wanna make a few things clear  
My baby mama's not dead (uh-uh)  
She's still alive and bitchin' (yup)  
And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin'  
It's not syphilis, and as for being aids infested  
I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested  
  
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets  
I'm your brother when you need, some good weed to set you free  
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a mini-thin  
(I'm Slim Shady) I'm Shady!  
  
(Ha ha ha ha)  
I told you I was Shady!  
(Ha ha)  
  
Y'all didn't wanna believe me!  
I'm Shady!  
And that's my name

I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah fucked in the head  
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed  
'Til one night he snuck in and said  
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed  
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?  
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head  
Bust a nut, get some rest  
The next day my mother said "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!  
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed  
He just hung himself in the bedroom he's dead"  
"Debbie don't let that fucker get you upset  
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck  
I bet you he's fakin' it, I bet you  
I bet he probably just want's to see how upset you would get  
I'll go handle this of course, unless you object"  
"Ahh go fuck his brains out, if any's left in his head"  
  
[Chorus]  
If you could count the skeletons in my closet  
Under my bed and up under my faucet  
Then you would know I've completely lost it  
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!  
  
If you could count the skeletons in my closet  
Under my bed and up under my faucet  
Then you would know I've completely lost it  
Is he nuts? No! He's insane!  
  
"Did you get him?" Naaw, fucker tried to bite my face off  
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw  
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off  
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot  
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop  
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong  
Then he played ping pong with his own ding dong  
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong  
Then he set the lawn mower out on the dang lawn  
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on  
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off  
Everything, except his tank top and his training bra  
Ain't he raw? Yeah mainiac, that's Shady dog  
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dog  
Shady dog, what be going through that fuckin' brain of yours  
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for, sing along  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Don't you know what felch means? Yeah, well then tell me  
Would you rather get felched or do the felching  
Fuck him in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching  
Burp, belch, then go back for a second helping  
Can you dig what I'm sayin' man, can you smell me?  
I want you to feel me like my step father felt me  
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping  
"Shady what the fuck you saying?" I don't know help me!  
What the fuck's happening, I think I'm fucking melting  
"Marshall I just love you boy, I care about your well being"  
No Dad, I said no, I don't need no help peeing  
I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself see  
I only get naked when the baby sitter tells me  
She showed me a movie like "Nightmare on Elm Street"  
But it was X, and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"  
"Well this is called ass rape, and we're shooting the jail scene"  
  
[Chorus]

Eminem:  
  
i'll shove a gun in your grill  
grease it and heat it  
smother it in hot mustard  
so when i feed it to you  
it's easy to eat it  
you need to be immediately  
freezen  
while you breathen  
and you'll be leavin  
in the recieven room  
in the seat of a jesus  
you hate on this  
we'll be waiting on eight corners  
swarming your hood with  
a thousand angry skateboarders  
i'll hop in a jeep  
and slam down on the gas  
and charge you  
and bombarde you  
in the car that your mom bought you  
fucked around and get choked  
and found remote  
floatin around  
down face down  
in a boat  
i'll pile five dudes  
and a tentor will pull up  
to a seven mile drive through  
in mcdonalds and pile drive you  
i've got the power  
to snap the driver  
out of his  
zeddy bower  
while he drives by it ninety miles an hour  
this place is my house  
i might as well erase my face with white out  
cause y'all can't see me like mace's eyebrows  
(where you at?)  
climbed out of a nice house through the front window and heard this guy shout  
( Hey!! thats my couch)  
pulled a nine out during a rhinebout while i'm rippin the shit with a clip  
and i spit 5 rounds and murder you ho's worse than a convertable flippin
vertical nose  
first with the top off landing upside down.  
Or get tied down with duct ape,  
fuck rape i'd rather just hump a sluts legs with my nuts shaved

Check it out  
  
Hey Kyu!  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
It's a broke day but everything is OK (It's OK)  
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)  
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)  
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)  
  
One day I plan to be a family man happily married  
I want to grow to be so old that I have to be carried  
'Til I'm glad to be buried  
And leave this crazy world  
  
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl  
It may be early to be planning this stuff  
'Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough  
'Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough  
  
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed  
My hands have been cuffed  
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff  
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts  
  
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough  
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see  
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased  
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese  
  
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call  
Way before my baby is able to crawl  
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates  
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades  
  
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth  
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Kyu  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps  
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep  
Praying for sleep  
Dreaming with a watering mouth  
  
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse  
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts  
With the root of all evil  
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful  
  
And make them do shit illegal  
For these Grant's and Jackson's  
These transactions explain a man's actions  
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity  
  
Through God and there's a wish he granted me  
He showed me how to cope with the stress  
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed  
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest  
  
To selling dope with the rest  
I quit smoking cess to open my chest  
Life is stressful inside this cesspool  
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel  
  
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics  
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts  
Kids attract static, children with automatics  
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets  
  
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum  
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum  
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth  
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Uh, it's OK, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep  
Uh yeah, it's OK, it's alright, I can't sleep

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care  
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care  
You can be black, white or albino, yeah  
You can have corn rows inside your hair  
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare  
This bottle of wine goes upside your head  
A little bit psycho, but I know that  
Think we just don't say it, then I won't say it  
See if you don't brag, then I don't brag  
I know I'm bad, as long as I know I'm bad  
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit  
You can just keep makin' them tired old threads  
A little bit like the boy you cried wolf, yeah  
See me, but don't dare to try no shit  
'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers  
A rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass  
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast  
Like lightning bolts right out the sky go bad  
From outta nowhere, you might find your career  
Come to it, and I was like (Oh Yeah)  
  
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)  
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)  
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)  
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care  
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)  
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)  
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)  
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)  
  
Jealous little fucks beg for my attention but  
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want  
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice  
If you keep comin' back, it only means you know you lost a fight  
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit  
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it  
'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit  
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it  
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like 'Go get 'em'  
And I'm just like 'Why your tryin' to fight momentum?'  
We just keep winnin', by landslides oh and umm  
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim  
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire  
As 50 would say 'Our clothing line's on Fiyaa''  
We ain't wire your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah  
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars  
But I just keep fucking you, like I fucked her  
Right in the ass with KY, Yes sir!  
So full of joy, why am I absurd  
Even Chingy would tell you  
'Yea boi don't curr'  
  
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)  
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)  
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)  
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care  
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)  
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)  
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)  
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)  
  
Yo' homie got clapped on, man I don't care  
The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there  
It is what it is dawg, man life's not fair  
Yo' friends shoulda known not to front 'round here  
You see kid, where I'm from, the wolves smell fear  
They'll strip yo ass, of your jewels, right here  
Man I'm a say this one time, now get this clear  
Man you can catch a hot one like outta no where  
A beautiful day, without drama is rare  
Yo' girl's a freak, man sometime we share  
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare  
You probably heard about me, I'm a shown up playa  
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor  
Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'  
I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin'  
I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin'  
  
See us come to award shows we're like (Oh yeah)  
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh yeah)  
See us keep blowin' up, we're like (Oh yeah)  
See Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care  
See me in your videos, I'm like (Oh yeah)  
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em)  
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here)  
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere)

Artist: Eminem, D12  
Song: Keep Talkin  
Album: The Conspiracy Mixtape  
  
Intro- Bizarre  
yea  
Detroit mother fucker  
DJ Green Lantern(the evil genious)  
D12  
We aint goin no where  
We still smokin crack nigga  
haha  
Let um know  
HA-HA  
  
Chorus- Eminem  
Bitch keep talkin  
keep on popin off with them jaws because, we aint stoppin  
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep
walkin  
keep on poppin that shit you poppin  
cause we aint stoppin cuz you aint stoppin us  
we aint got to prove shit to yall so all yall can lick the balls and keep
walkin  
COME ON  
  
Verse 1-Kuniva  
yo the derelict is back  
im blazin niggas while they up in the Sheraton last  
i even sold my therapist crack  
you niggas is bitch straight up im bearin the facts  
i love pussy wit all my heart but i married the gats  
and nigga im top pedigree so dont play wit me  
ill blow your tattoos all over your baby seat  
kids and all be hit  
peers and all masuberg will take your back, liver ribs and all  
kuniva the street talker, heat sparker the beef starter  
packin guns when im sleep walkin  
(Bitch keep talkin)  
throwin fire bombs down your chimney  
while you eatin at wendys  
im in your bushes cockin the semi  
nice wit the hands  
never bow down to another man  
i was poppin guns while you was still poppin some rubber bands  
smother your clan  
sever your hands and your legs  
mail your brother your heart and send your mother ya head  
  
Verse 2- Swifty  
im the only one your bitch let touch her  
type of brother that will fuck your mother  
with a fishnet rubber  
a belligerent and rowdy mother fucker  
that'll dump your body and still fly aw

Call this mother fucker  
  
Oh fuck yeah  
Give em a piece of my mind,  
A piece of my ass  
  
(Thanks for waiting, this is, may I help you?)  
  
Oh thank you  
I need to make a collect call  
  
(What number?)  
  
Oh  
The numbers 62,  
(At the tone, please say your name.)  
  
Kennith Kaniff, from Connecticut.  
Automated piece of shit  
  
Yo  
  
Hey there cockboy.  
Who's this?  
This is Ken Kannif  
Who?  
Ken kannif from Connecticut, little bitch.  
From Connecticut?  
Yeah you wanna get a  
I don't know nobody in Connecticut.  
You wanna get a hotel room with me?  
A hotel room?  
Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, Eminem?  
Ha, yo, wh, who is this? Cage?  
Hey, pa ha  
You want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand?  
Melt in your ass, ya little cockboy.  
(Laugh) yo shut up you little bitch.  
Oh you think I'm lyin', huh?  
Ha ha

Aw look at daddy's baby girl  
That's daddy baby  
Little sleepy head  
Yesterday I changed your diaper  
Wiped you and powdered you.  
How did you get so big?  
Can't believe it now you're two  
Baby you're so precious  
Daddy's so proud of you  
Sit down bitch  
If you move again I'll beat the shit out of you  
  
(Okay)  
Don't make me wake this baby  
She don't need to see what I'm about to do  
Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you?  
How could you?  
Just leave me and love him out the blue  
Oh, what's a matter Kim?  
Am I too loud for you?  
Too bad bitch, your gonna finally hear me out this time  
At first, I'm like all right  
You want to throw me out? that's fine!  
But not for him to take my place, are you out you're mind?  
This couch, this T-V, this whole house is mine!  
How could you let him sleep in our bed?  
Look at Kim  
Look at your husband now!  
  
(No!)  
I said look at him!  
He ain't so hot now is he?  
Little punk!  
(Why are you doing this?)  
Shut the fuck up!  
(You're drunk! you're never going to get away at this!)  
You think I give a fuck!  
Come on we're going for a ride bitch  
(No!)  
Sit up front  
(Well I can't just leave 'ey alone, what if she wakes up?)  
We'll be right back  
Well I will you'll be in the trunk  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
So long, bitch you did me so wrong  
I don't want to go on  
Living in this world without you  
  
You really fucked me Kim  
You really did a number on me  
Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me  
But we was kids then Kim, I was only eighteen  
That was years ago  
I thought we wiped the slate clean  
That's fucked up!  
(I love you!)  
Oh God my brain is racing  
(I love you!)  
What are you doing?  
Change the station I hate this song!  
Does this look like a big joke?  
(No!)  
There's a four year old boy lyin' dead with a slit throat  
In your living room, ha-ha  
What you think I'm kiddin' you?  
You loved him didn't you?  
(No!)  
Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me  
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me?  
Fuck you asshole, yeah bite me  
Kim, Kim!  
Why don't you like me?  
You think I'm ugly don't you  
(It's not that!)  
No you think I'm ugly  
(Baby)  
Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me  
I hate you! I hate you!  
I swear to god I hate you  
Oh my God I love you  
How the fuck could you do this to me?  
(Sorry!)  
How the fuck could you do this to me?  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Come on get out  
(I can't I'm scared)  
I said get out bitch!  
(Let go of my hair, please don't do this baby)  
(Please I love you, look we can just take Hallie and leave)  
Fuck you, you did this to us  
You did it, it's your fault  
Oh my God I'm crackin' up  
Get a grip Marshall  
Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party?  
And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie  
That was funny wasn't it?  
(Yes!)  
That was funny wasn't it?  
(Yes!)  
See it all makes sense, doesn't it?  
You and your husband have a fight  
One of you tries to grab a knife  
And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adams apple sliced  
(No!)  
And while this is goin' on  
His son just woke up and he just walks in  
She panics and he gets his throat cut  
(Oh my God!)  
So now they both dead and you slash your own throat  
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note  
I should have known better when you started to act weird  
We could've, hey! where you going? get back here!  
You can't run from me Kim  
It's just us, nobody else!  
You're only making this harder on yourself  
Ha! ha! got you!  
(Ah!)  
Ha! go ahead yell!  
Here I'll scream with you!  
Ah somebody help!  
Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you?  
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin' to you  
You were supposed to love me  
Now bleed! bitch bleed!  
Bleed! bitch bleed! bleed!  
  
[Chorus]

Look,  
If you had  
One shot,  
Or one opportunity  
To seize everything you ever wanted  
In one moment  
Would you capture it  
Or just let it slip?  
  
Yo  
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy  
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti  
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready  
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'  
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud  
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out  
He's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' now  
The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow!  
Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity  
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked  
He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? No  
He won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropes  
It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke  
He's so stacked that he knows, when he goes back to his mobile home, that's
when its  
Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody  
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
You better lose yourself in the music, the moment  
You own it, you better never let it go  
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow  
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better  
  
The souls escaping, through this hole that its gaping  
This world is mine for the taking  
Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order  
A normal life is borin', but super stardom's close to post mortar  
It only grows harder, only grows hotter  
He blows us all over these hoes is all on him  
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter  
Lonely roads, God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father  
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter  
But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water  
His hoes don't want him no mo, he's cold product  
They moved on to the next schmo who flows, he nose dove and sold nada  
So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna, but the beat
goes on  
Da da dumb da dumb da da  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
No more games, I'm a change what you call rage  
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged  
I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed  
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage  
But I kept rhymin' and stepwritin' the next cipher  
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper  
All the pain inside amplified by the  
Fact that I can't get by with my nine to  
Five and I can't provide the right type of  
Life for my family 'cause man, these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers  
And its no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer,  
This is my life and these times are so hard  
And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus  
See dishonor caught up between bein' a father and a prima-donna,  
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much  
For me to want to say in one spot, another jam or not  
Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got  
To formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot  
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failures not  
Mom, I love you, but this trail has got to go, I cannot grow old in Salem's
lot  
So here I go is my shot.  
Feet fail me not 'cause maybe the only opportunity that I got  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
You can do anything you set your mind to, man

A distant alarm, a sound from far away  
We raised our heads towards the sky but there was nothing there to see  
The restless crowd is now breaking the silence  
Anxiety is rising, the sky is turning dark  
A riot is emerging, men beat men to death  
This is unexplainable, a fight without a battle  
The alarm resounds and someone called in a speaker:  
"This is not a drill, I repeat: this is not a drill..."  
  
Today we die, today we testify  
All we do must come to an end - this is the end  
  
Reversed evolving, turning people into beasts  
They're feasting on eachother, strong consume the weak  
Flaming ruins, society is lost  
Shattered city streets filled with blind, nameless creatures  
The sky cracks open, dust is descending  
Breath the black air, feel darkness in your lungs  
Silence - nothing makes a sound  
But we can still hear, the sound of the alarm  
  
Today we die, today we testify  
All we do must come to an end - this is the end  
  
A distant early warning  
A sound from far away  
We raised our heads  
Towards the sky  
Towards the alarm...

[Obie Trice]  
You don't see me in the hood, it's cause I'm doing this man  
  
Niggas, I'm still grinding (yeah), I still hearing those sirens  
I'm still getting chased by those lights  
Only the light's lime, and my mic's on  
And my time is none, because I'm writing more  
I don't hear to meet a soul in this business  
I'm here to eat, speak, until these ho's feel this  
I ain't gonna let you derail me, man  
I got Young Kobe homey, you gotta let go of Obie  
Cause Obie be back, (going nowhere, man) we got them craps going on  
And that yak going on, soon as a nigga touch down, back from town  
It's forever, put that on the cheddar, man  
But in the meantime, it's Jimmy Iovine time  
Chase cheese, rhyme 'til my voice give out  
This is it my niggas, this what we boast about  
Now I'm here, so shut your motherfucking mouth, and show me love, bitch  
  
[Chorus]  
I just want to love, for the rest of my life (I don't love you, bitch)  
I want to hold you in the morn, hold you thorough the night  
(Right we want to love alcohol, we want to love guns, we want to love money  
we don't love no bitches, though)  
I just want to love, for the rest of my life  
I want to hold you in the morn, hold you in the night  
  
[Eminem]  
There's a certain mystique when I speak, that you notice  
Cause it's sort of unique 'cause you know it's me  
My poetry's deep, and I'm still-matic, the way I flow to this beat  
You can't sit still, it's like trying to smoke crack and go to sleep  
I'm strapped, it's known any minute I could snap  
I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped  
I bully these rappers so bad lyrically  
It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money  
You can't pay me enough for you to play me  
It's cockamamie you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady  
My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's coo-coo  
I got screws loose, yea the whole kit and caboodle, I'm just brutal  
It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it, there's no more humor in it, you
know  
I'm rolling with a swollen bowling ball in my bag  
You need a fag and tear a new hole in my ass, you better love me, bitch  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[50 Cent]  
My buzz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name  
If it ain't about the flow, it's 'bout the stones and the chain  
If I was you, I'd love men too, I roll like a boss  
Nine eleven Porsche same color as cranberry sauce  
I ain't gon' front, I thought R. Kelly was the shit  
Let me find out he fucking 'round with Bow Wow bitch  
Niggas eating popcorn, right, rewinding the tape  
Now shorty mama in the precinct hollering rape  
I'm convinced, man, something really wrong with these ho's  
I thought Lil' Kim was hot, 'til she start fucking with her nose  
I used to listen to Lauryn Hill, and tap my feet  
Then the bitch put out a CD and didn't have no beats  
That nigga D'Angelo, he determined not to fail  
That nigga went butt-ass, for his record to sell  
My back shot to help Ashanti hit them high notes  
And Big Ben taught Charlie B 'More to deep throat (yea)  
  
[Chorus]  
  
[50 Cent]  
I love the burners, the money, the bunnies, I just want to hold you, ha ha  
I just want to love you, yea

Just gonna stand there and watch me burn  
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts  
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry  
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
  
I can't tell you what it really is  
I can only tell you what it feels like  
And right now there's a steel knife, in my windpipe  
I can't breathe, but I still fight, while I can fight  
As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight  
High off of love drunk from my hate  
It's like I'm huffing paint and I love it the more that I suffer  
I suffocate and right before I'm about to drown  
She resuscitates me, she fucking hates me,  
And I love it, wait  
Where you going, I'm leaving you  
No you ain't, come back  
We're running right back, here we go again  
It's so insane 'cause when it's going good, it's going great  
I'm Superman, with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane  
But when it's bad, it's awful  
I feel so ashamed, I snapped, who's that dude  
I don't even know his name, I laid hands on her  
I'll never stoop so low again, I guess I don't know my own strength  
  
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn  
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts  
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry  
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
  
You ever love somebody so much  
You can barely breathe, when you're with them, you meet  
And neither one of you, even know what hit 'em,  
Got that warm fuzzy feeling, yeah them chills, used to get 'em  
Now you're getting fucking sick, of looking at 'em  
You swore you've never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em,  
Now you're in each others face,  
Spewing venom, and these words, when you spit 'em  
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em,  
Throw 'em down, pin 'em, so lost in the moments, when you're in 'em  
It's the rage that's the culprit, it controls you both  
So they say it's best, to go your separate ways,  
Guess that they don't know ya 'cause today, that was yesterday  
Yesterday is over, it's a different day  
Sound like broken records, playin' over, but you promised her  
Next time you'll show restraint  
You don't get another chance,  
Life is no Nintendo game, but you lied again  
Now you get to watch her leave,  
Out the window, guess that's why they call it window pane  
  
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn  
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts  
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry  
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
  
Now I know we said things, did things  
That we didn't mean and we fall back into the same patterns  
Same routine, but your temper's just as bad, as mine is  
You're the same as me, but when it comes to love, you're just as blinded  
Baby please come back, it wasn't you,  
Baby it was me, maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems  
Maybe that's what happens When a tornado meets a volcano  
All I know is I love you too much, to walk away now  
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk  
Don't you hear sincerity, in my voice when I talk,  
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball  
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall  
Next time, there will be no next time  
I apologize even though I know it's lies  
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back, I know I'm a liar  
If she ever tries to fucking leave again  
I'm a tie her to the bed and set this house on fire  
  
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn  
But that's alright, because I like the way it hurts  
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry  
But that's alright, because I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie  
I love the way you lie

Maxine!  
  
Hello  
Can I speak to Maxine?  
Yeah this is me what's up?  
What up?  
  
Who dis?  
Denaun  
Yeah what's up?  
What are you doing?  
  
Nothing just laying in bed  
Huh?  
Nothing just laying in bed  
Why?  
  
I don't know thinking about something freaky to do  
  
I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine  
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean  
Plus she got a sugar daddy  
Asking every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly  
  
If you mistook her sadly, on her reputation  
You're in jepordation, if you ain't got no preparation  
When you step away son, she got her face done  
Looking provocative, she'll let you knock it if  
  
You press the issue and get undressed to kiss you  
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice  
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency  
To go to the emergency cause it burns to pee  
  
Don't bring your germs to me, cause I ain't trying to hear it  
While your fighting you fucking disease trying to clear it (Maxine!!)  
  
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose? In life that is  
To get with every brother and unveil one of his kids, shit  
You living trife, got three kids at home and club hopping every night  
You say it's gonna stop but it.. just.. slows.. down  
  
And then speeds back to a regular pace, there is no end to this  
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be  
You say you want to be with me, but how can you say that  
When you got niggas hiding in your closet  
I refrain from getting angry but you keep on that strangely  
  
I met this girl last week, she was a freak, and she liked me  
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies  
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas  
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number  
  
I stepped to her first I cleared my throat and said "Hey Bitch..  
Haven't I seen you before?", looked at my nigga  
Turned around and got slapped throughout my hands  
And said "Oh it's like that?"  
  
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit  
She started crying, and asked me to forgive her and shit  
She said her name was Maxine, so I told her I wanted her number  
She asked could I give her mine too  
  
Got to the crib and called her up  
We got into a good conversation that's when she asked me could I fuck  
I said "Maxine check this out,  
Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out"  
  
Got to the crib she let me in  
She didn't waste time she grabbed my hand and proceeded to the bedroom  
I said "Hold up, and stop proceeding, you rushing things.  
What the fuck are you doing?"  
  
So I went for my protection, took off my clothes and started flexing  
As she went for my midsection  
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt  
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about putting in work  
  
Before I hit it she said  
"3 don't get mad but there's something that I gotta tell your ass"  
I said "What is it, another nigga? It's ok"  
She said "No I forgot to tell you, that I got AIDS"  
I got up out  
  
Hey, Maxine  
What  
You thinking about sucking my dick?  
Yeah for a small price  
  
For a small price? What you mean?  
You know, money nigga  
You don't need no damn money,  
I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit.  
  
What you, what you hear I got?  
AIDS  
Who told you that bullshit?  
My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie  
  
Well if that's the case, Kyu got it then  
Oh for real, it's like that?  
Well I ain't got shit,  
So he ain't got shit, and if he do, he ain't get that shit from me,  
I ain't fucking around with no 3rd nigga  
  
Fuck that, I ain't fucking with you  
No, see..  
You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you  
Hold on, why it ain't even like that  
  
I want ya'll to get paid, fucking

[intro]  
[laughing]  
Ay yo 50  
What I tell you  
We ain't even have to say shit  
They did it  
[laughing]  
  
[chorus]  
Monkey see monkey do  
Don't ever make the first move  
Just let em' come to you  
Cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do  
So let em' come to you  
The rest of us follow suit  
Monkey see monkey do  
Tweedle-de-tweedle-dumb  
If they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come  
Now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up  
Check-mate motherfucker  
Games over  
We won  
Tweedle-de-tweedle-dumb  
  
It doesn't take much  
For me to raise such a stink up  
When motherfuckers hate your guts  
You ain't even gotta say much  
For me to put a pen to a blank sheet of papers  
Like smearing blood stains with a paint brush  
I can't explain what it is my brain does  
But however it works its insane  
Its plain nutz  
And it ain't just my brain thas dangerous  
Its a whole combination of things  
It takes nutz  
And I'm not affriad to raise the stakes up  
I got a million bucks in the banks and 8 trucks  
For anybody who gets on the track and spanks us  
I'm patiently waiting for the day  
I'm anxious  
To see the look on ya fake mugs  
When you thugs go bankrupt  
Ya drunk  
Ya ain't tough  
Whatever you drank musta just turned ya into some gangstas  
This is me talking motherfucker  
This ain't drugs  
You wanna pop, shit wake-up, then make-up  
FUCK THAT  
Its too late chump now face up  
I pray for the day that someone who spits with the calliber that nas and jay
does  
Opens up his jaw to say something or rattle my name off  
Or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off  
So I can blow the fuckin dust off of this chainsaw  
And give him the surgery that he came for  
Till I pull the paint off  
I never been shot  
But I think me and 50 musta been cut from the same cloth  
Cause I've always came off  
Like ja's chain  
When they try to rush him and lost  
And came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it  
I don't stop  
The only thing I wait for  
Is day that I don't gotta report to probate court  
Cause ima give ya all the reason to hate more  
Cause I've been holding my tongue till I got a sprained jaw  
A lot of rappers on my list that just ain't ja  
And ima read that motherfucker off from April  
You pussies think I went soft since 8 mile  
When I come back ill be shootin more than just paint balls  
Trust me  
  
[chorus]  
Monkey see monkey do  
Don't ever make the first move  
Just let em' come to you  
Cause they always gunna see and do what the other one do  
So let em' come to you  
The rest of us follow suit  
Monkey see monkey do  
Tweedle-de-tweedle-dumb  
If they really want it bad enough well then they gunna come  
Now here they come as we expected now we just set em' up  
Check-mate motherfucker  
Games over  
We won  
Tweedle-de-tweedle-dumb  
  
[outro]  
Fuckin dummies  
This ain't chess  
Ya playin motherfuckin checkers  
This shit is all day man its too easy  
We playin chess you playin checkers  
You bout to get ya motherfuckin asses jumped  
Fucking punks  
And by the way  
We ain't just talking to one person  
We talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it cause we bringin
it to anybody who wants to bring it  
So bring it  
Don't pick up the ball if you don't wanna play man  
Its all fucked up now  
The fuck I'm spose to do now?  
Huh?  
The fuck I'm spose to do?  
Haha  
Yo, we out

[Male Medic]  
Mr. Mathers?  
Mr. Mathers!  
Mr. Mathers... Mr. Mathers can you hear my voice?  
Ok he's not responding  
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge left ac right away  
  
[Female Medic]  
Uh, bp is 90 over 12, respiration's at 8  
Ok I'm tubing him  
  
[Male Medic]  
Dmc this is medic 41  
  
[Voice over radio]  
Medic 41, this is dmc base, go ahead  
  
[Female Medic]  
He's cold, spike him back and grab the back board  
  
[Male Medic]  
Ok, got it, on 3... 1, 2, 3  
Hu-let's move...

[Chorus: x2]  
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"  
"Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate"  
"All I see is blood and murder, my mind state"  
Murder murder murder, and kill kill kill!  
  
Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand  
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman  
Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands  
The shit is in my hands, here's yo' life span  
And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than  
You grab a couple grand and lay up in Iceland  
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan  
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'  
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'  
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'  
I want the whole pie, I won't be denied Nathan  
Maybe I need my head inside straightened  
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register  
Dip before somebody catches ya  
Or gets ya description and sketches ya  
Then connects you as the prime suspect  
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet  
'Cause I got a daughter to feed  
And two hundred dollars ain't enough to water the seed, the best thing  
Would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King  
And have the lady at the desk bring  
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac  
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack  
This bitch tried escapin' the jack  
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote  
You barely heard a word as she choked  
It wasn't nothin' for her to be smoked  
Then I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke  
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' "Freeze!"  
But I'm already wanted for sellin' Ki's  
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees  
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees  
I bust shots, they bust back  
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out  
We were backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out  
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face  
Shut ya yakkin' mouth,  
'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp  
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up  
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up  
Stole her car, made a profit  
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window  
Like the girl on "Set it Off" did  
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal  
Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool  
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio  
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though  
Parents screamin', "Son, go in and call the police  
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!"  
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up  
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff  
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a lick before  
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo sixty four  
When they sell out in stores the price triples  
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles  
And collided with an eighty-year old lady with groceries  
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties  
Stood up and started to see stars  
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars  
Barely escaped, musta been some dumb luck  
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck  
But I think somebody seen me maybe  
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby  
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits  
Came out with a white flag hollerin' "truce truce!"  
(Don't shoot!) Surrendered my weapon to cops  
Wasn't me!  
It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnapps  
  
[Chorus: x2]

Yo, yeah girl,  
Can you hear that? It's playing our song  
Are you sleepy? Take a nap  
You're not afraid of the dark? Are you?  
  
You hear the beat as it makes ya not wanna go to sleep  
I knock on Dakota's door, its locked so I go to creep  
Round the back, with binoculars, not cause I wanna peep  
But because I'm hungry she smells like tacos I wanna eat  
Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows are so sweet  
With sugar plums, oh look here comes Marshall he's on your street  
He's placing hot smoldering charcoals beneath your feet  
Now walk on 'em, he's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek  
Like a Thanksgiving turkey, or holiday ham  
Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam  
Flavor my favorite graham crackers with Jon Benet Ramsey  
I guess a modern day Jack the Ripper is all that I am  
  
[Chorus]  
(My music box)  
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)  
But I can hear you my love, you keep calling me (My music box)  
And when we're world's apart, you mean the world to me (My music box)  
If you call, I'll come, I will answer (My music box)  
Cos when the lights are off, I see the girls asleep (My music box)  
I hear my music box, playing a song for me (My music box)  
So when she twirls around do a whirl for me (My music box)  
Won't you be my private little dancer (My music box)  
  
I almost look comatose, who wants to be sober gross  
I foam like a Doberman, mouth open I overdose  
Put coke up my nostrils, in both my holes and I plug my nose  
My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged I know  
I put on my mother's make up, get naked and run around  
Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds  
There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains but the sun is out  
The devils upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out  
I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about?  
Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house  
They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box  
Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do, it's locked  
I pick it and open it but it's stuffed full of human parts  
I dig till I find it, I wind it up and the tune just starts  
Its playing a song, so beautiful and the room is dark  
The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park  
  
[Chorus]  
  
I'm fixated on asphyxiating and breakin' this little chick's  
Neck like a pixie stick  
The sick Satan worshippin', bitches get horse-whippin's,  
I'm in the back, through the back door, slip in  
Through the crack leavin' the corpse drippin'  
The mortician of love, sent from above,  
Forced and treat 'em all ? stingy I've become  
Been doin' this for more than a quarter century, I'm just numb  
Am I dreamin', is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns  
The time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the ladder  
I'd had enough of the chatter, climb up to the window, look at her  
Then climb in and slowly shatter her brain matter and batter her  
With the bat, a matter of fact that will splatter her  
But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her  
Give her two compliments, back-to-back, like Tabatha  
I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya  
So strong is your fight, but your no match for Dracula  
Prolonging her plight, as I go back to stabbin' her  
Dismember her limbs, simple as that, cadaver her  
Zoom in with the lens, then pan back, the camera  
Stand back, cause here comes your man Jack, so Pamela  
  
[Chorus]

Yea, (oh, oh), yea yea, oh  
  
I feel like dancing  
I feel like dancing  
  
I smell something in the air that's making me (high)  
I said I smell something in the air that's making me high  
  
Ok here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, I'm so la-di-da so  
Lyrical rise flow, give back the tobasco  
You motherfuckers mustsanot know the tic tac songs  
Time to show you the mo kick ass flow in the cosmos  
Picasso with a pick axe a sick asshole  
She tac toe frozen six pack with exacto  
Knives, strangling wives with pig lasso  
Few bags of the the grass, zig zags, I'm with the doc so  
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones  
This is poison, the boys and girls who do not know  
You do not want to try this at home my novato (novice)  
This is niether the time or the place to get macho  
So crack a six pack, sit back with some nachos  
Maybe some popcorn, and watch the show and just rock slow  
It's not what you expected, tho what you thought though  
Bout time to you wake the fuck up smell the pot smoke  
  
[Chorus]  
It must be the ganja  
It's the marijuana  
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high  
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me  
Whatever's gotten into me I don't mind  
  
It must be the ganja  
It's the marijuana  
That's creeping upon me while I'm so high  
Maybe it's the hindi that has gotten in me  
Whatever's got into me I don't mind  
  
Your dreams of getting the pill, you are literally getting the chills  
Spitting at will, me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill  
You're submitting to skill, sitting still, I'm admitting, I'm beginning to
feel  
Like I don't think anyone's real,  
Faced with a dilemma, I can be Dali Llama and become a bin gramma a step
beyond a Jeffrey Dahmer  
Please don't upset me mama, you lookin sexy mama,  
Don't know if this the lala or the rum and pepsi mama  
Don't want to end up inside my refrigerator freezer,  
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza  
How many people you know can name every serial killer who ever existed in a
row,  
Put em in chronological order beginning with Jack the Ripper,  
Name the time and place from the body the bag the zipper,  
Location of the woods where the body was dragged and then dumped,  
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model the make the plate  
And which motel which lake they found her in,  
And how they attacked the victim,  
Say which murder weapon was used to do what and which one,  
Which night it was done, what kid would write there was none,  
So sloppy like this it's fun, the fuckin ecstasy goes  
  
[Chorus]  
  
When I'm behind a mic dynamite is what it's kinda like  
Get stuck with that same stick that you're trying to light  
Behind the boards is Dre, legends are made this way  
Isn't it safe to say, this is the way it should be?  
Maybe you need some lyric syrup sign for your symptoms  
Heres a dosage of the antidote now you give him some,  
He can give her some, she can give him some  
Get behind a lynn drum, make up a beat and kill the sucka syndrome  
You're spitting drama when it comes to lyrics and penance I'm  
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the end ending up  
Capable of bringing a bullets a stillunbelievable bullets a  
Titanium brain that's full of, surprises  
When the smoke rises right before your very own eyes  
You stare into your stereos eyes  
Good evening, this ain't even a weed thing,  
I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drink anything  
  
[Chorus]

Daddy what are you doing?  
Okay then!  
Everybody listen up!  
I'm goin' to hell!  
Who's comin' with me?  
Somebody please help him!  
I think my dad's gone crazy  
  
There's no mountain I can't climb, there's no tower too high,  
No plane that I can't learn how to fly  
What do I gotta do to get through to you,  
To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to?  
Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls, I cut'em off,  
And got'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar inside of a hall  
With my framed autographed sunglasses with Elton John's name on my drag wall,  
I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off  
All this time me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off (Suck it, Marshall).  
So tell Laura and her husband to back off  
Before I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off  
And launch one at these Russians and that's all  
Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off.  
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off?  
Hailie, tell 'em baby,  
My Dad's Lost It!  
  
[Chorus]  
There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it  
I think my dad's gone crazy  
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em baby  
I think my dad's gone crazy  
There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me  
I think my dad's gone crazy  
There's no one on earth that can save me, not even Hailie  
I think my dad's gone crazy  
  
It's like my mother always told me and codeine and  
Goddammit you little motherfucker  
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'  
Uh, fuck that shit bitch eat a motherfuckin' dick,  
Chew on a prick and lick  
A million mutherfuckin' cocks per second,  
I'd rather put out a mutherfuckin' Gospel record  
I'd rather be a pussy whipped bitch, eat pussy,  
And have pussy lips glued to my face  
With a clit ring in my nose then quit bringin' my flows  
Quit givin' me my ammo. Can't you see why I'm so mean?  
If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O.  
I wouldn't have to go, eenee, meenee, meini, mo,  
Catch a homo by his toe, man I don't know no more  
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more?  
Dad  
  
[Chorus]  
  
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time,  
Can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme  
See what you're seein' is a genius at work, which to me isn't work,  
So it's easy to misinterpret it at first  
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue-in-cheek,  
I'd yank my fuckin' teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue  
I'd slice my gums, get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once  
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son  
And walk around the rest of my life spit on,  
And kicked and hit with shit every time  
I sung like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on.  
More pain inside of my brain than the eyes of a little girl  
Inside of a plane aimed at the World Trade, standin' on Ronnie's grave,  
Screamin' at the sky, 'til clouds gather, it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade  
And that's pretty much the gist of it, the parents are pissed but the kids
love it.  
Nine millimeter heater stashed in two seaters with meat cleavers  
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither  
  
[Chorus]  
  
Crazy  
Ha ha ha  
You're funny daddy!

[Chorus: x2]  
I never meant to give you mushrooms girl  
I never meant to bring you to my world  
Now you sitting in the corner crying  
And now its my fault (My fault)  
  
I went to Johns rave with Ron and Dave  
And met a new wave blond babe with half of her head shaved  
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up  
With first aid tape and raped on the first date  
Susan an ex heroin addict who just stopped using  
She loved booze and alternative music  
Told me she was going back to using again  
I said wait first try this hallucinogen  
Its better then heroin and booze and gin  
Come here lets go in here  
Who's in the den? (Its me and Kelly)  
My bad lets try another room (I don't trust you)  
Shut up slut chew up this mushroom  
This will help you get in touch with your roots  
Walking barefoot butt naked and run in the woods  
(Oh hell I might as well try them this party is so drag)  
Oh dag I didn't mean for you to eat the whole bag (Uh)  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Yo Sue (Get away from me I don't know you)  
Oh shoot she's tripping (I need to go puke)  
I wasn't trying to turn this into something major  
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature  
Susie stop crying I don't hate ya  
The world is not against you  
I am sorry your father raped you  
So you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth  
That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out  
She said (Help me I think I am having a seizure)  
I said I am high too bitch  
Quit grabbing my t-shirt (Let go)  
Would you calm down you are starting to scare me  
She said (I am 26 years old and I am not married I don't even have any  
Kids and I can't cook)  
I am over here Sue  
You are talking to the plant  
Look we need to get to a hospital  
Before it is too late  
'Cause I never seen one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
Susie where you going you better be careful  
(leave me alone dad I am sick of getting my hair pulled)  
I am not your dad  
And try not to swallow your tongue  
Want some gum?  
Put down the scissors before you do something dumb  
I will be right back just chill baby please?  
I got to go find Dave he is the one who gave me these  
John where's Dave at before I bash you  
He's in the bathroom  
I think he is taking a crap dude  
Dave pull up your pants  
We need an ambulance  
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants  
Chopping her hair off  
And there's only two days left of spring break  
How long do these things take to wear off?  
Well it depends on how may you've had  
I took 3 she had the other 22 caps  
Now she is upstairs crying out her eye balls  
Drinking Lysol (She is going to die dude)  
I know and its my fault (My god)  
  
[Chorus: x2]  
  
I am so sorry I am so sorry  
Susie please wake up  
What are you doing  
Your not dead

